nd thou son of man, thus saith the Lord God, Speak unto every feathered fowl, and to every beast of the field, Assemble yourselves, and come; gather yourselves on every side to my sacrifice that do sacrifice for you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood.
Had an angel whispered the fatal news in my wakeful ear, I should not more firmly believe it.
I merely wish to see Grace, and satisfy my doubts.
It is as if, with an inversion of piety, you would thank him only for being invisible and silent, and pray only that he would be more entirely and be always so.
But let executions be conducted at night, by torch light, with tolling bells, at midnight, and what would be their sensations then!
My element had, till lately, been all sunshine and calm.
It has produced nothing but degradation and calamity . "
Countess St. Luc You will no longer oppose her becoming the wife of our friend, Dr. Metroman--a wit, a poet, a man of talents for society; in short, a genius and a gentleman, worthy the hand of a Duchess.
Nor did her losses from state policy termmate here.
Charles Devalmore Her anxious spirit turns towards me in sleep.
I rejoiced at the prospect of this termination of my journey.
We may trust to every square inch of such a tenon the weight which is given (Art.
After some reflection, it occurred to me that it might be proper to renew the attempt which Williams had made to trace the footsteps of his friend to the moment of his final disappearance.
Philadelphia, printed and sold by William Bradford at the sign of the Bible in Seco7id-street , 1743 . "
Loena loves that country too, and I hope, I hope that--Elvira has not forgotten it.
from The poetical works (1820) Sept. 1774.
The surface of the road, was twelve or fifteen feet above the level of the stream, which, in this spot was still and smooth.
I am not going to try my hand at disentangling their arguments.
Baron Wildenhain Excuse me, If I have sent for you at an inconvenient time, a few words will comprise my business; " I yesterday received a miserable translation from the french, which came from the press about twenty years ago.
The good mother, whose maiden name was Sarah Dakin, was distinguished for warm and generous affections in action, and patient endurance in trial.
Is she fated thus to reside within the reach and under the power of an enemy, whose outrageous and ruffian tempers are but too well known?
We should say that the practical examples which antiquity offers are more of errour than of excellence-for warning than imitation.
It was to this association, that he originally communicated a dissertation on the membranes and an essay upon the symmetrical organs, papers which formed the basis of his admirable Treatise on the Membranes and his Researches on Life, and in fact contained the germ of the great work which is at present before us-his General Anatomy.
Among the timber in these glens were some of the stateliest stringy bark trees that we had ever beheld: in fact, the timber altogether is unusually good.
" Mutual injuries require mutual forgiveness, " she replied; " and, in the strife of angry passions, it is not easy to discriminate the criminal from the accuser.
This was too direct a question to be answered in any way but by compliance.
Not to tire you, I lay here two weeks, only venturing out at night to pluck fruit for my sustenance . "
Faith having taught us that we must rise again, hope anticipates a resurrection unto happiness.
The great Moralist, who spake as never man spake ,' did not censure passion, or its expression--he only sought to direct it to worthy objects, and incite it to great sacrifices.
The garrison, it is true, was weak, but it possessed a commander who was himself a host.
Probably they were not half that width 2500 years ago.
// tam subjects for certain ends, and learned to study only to recite.
It is not whether we are to have our Northern brethren, as our task masters, and to make bricks for them without straw.
The great coalition against the Jews, in the time of Jehoshaphat, was destroyed by the sword of mutiny and faction: See 2 Chro.
Would you restore him to himself, and convince him that he was instigated to this dreadful outrage by a perversion of his organs, or a delusion from hell? "
In the mean time, meditate on what you have heard; and may the Spirit of grace seal his own truth on each of our hearts!
It might be convenient to collect our funds in some place where we neither - purchase or sell any goods, still the owners of those funds would require the current premium, or sell at the current discount, and it certainly could not in that case be said, that the premium or discount on exchange, indicated a balance of trade either for or against us.
From the author's full description of this bird, we shall select two or thre9 paragraphs, in which are exhibited some of its habits.
" I must bear that reproach as I can; but I do not deserve it, Mr. Erskine . "
While they were conversing on the subject, one of the pages announced Mr. Kirby; and the King consulted Her Majesty in German about the propriety of admitting him at that moment.
The Greeks and Romans lived when the world, at least when the mind, was in its comparative infancy; when fancy and feeling were most easily, and loved most to be excited.
this is such an unexpected happiness, that I almost doubt its reality.
But even this, he could not effect without the consent of the leaders.
It was proposed that Sir Francis should without delay, relinquish his disguise and resume his proper appearance and station in society.
Hillis Hadjo, the child of the great Spirit, waits you.
An instant conceived dislike, or startling envy, a hatred, to trace whose cause were vain, have each their predominance, against which there is no contention: the propensity of spiteful retribution to retaliate ancient injuries, when the opportunity offers, is greedily snatched at; and man is wont at such hours to be ravenous, and lacerate as the lion tears the lamb, his defenceless prey.
How wretched above all wretches is the guilty who dares not even ask for sympathy ,--who dares not indulge the miserable ease of weeping, lest it should betray; but must feign an empty smile, while the poor heart is breaking!
Pinch So, you have got my name--now pray tell me yours; for in that bustle the night I saw you, my dear lad, I did not ask.
The elevation thus reached may be sustained by moderate cuts and embankments till the road descends again to the valley of the Conococheague, at Witliamsport.
Distress to such a person is like a delicate situation to a great dramatic poet.
Say, whence, obedient, to their destin'd end The various tribes of living nature tend?
The unappeasable appetite for distinction, which characterised Harold in his childhood, in his youth--that distempered longing--had now hardened and consolidated, into a sort of religious sentiment, pervading his whole heart and soul, with vitality.
What star, what sun is bursting o'er the bay?
And this youth and strength at 23 or 30 years of are ,' we cannot forbear transcribinn a passage of a letter from Rev.
They, who have robust constitutions, are less likely to live to a good old age, than others who are sickly.
She stooped to kiss the venerable cheek of her father, and, by whispering, to break his slumber.
Dick immediately enters through it, with a letter.
You speak of my appearance, when you saw me last.
Jurisdiction and law flow together in a mixed stream, which in England there is little necessity to analyse, in order to separate its component parts . '
At length in northern skies, at first but small, A sheet of light meteorrous begun To spread on either hand, and rise and fall In waves, that slowly first, then quickly run Along its edge, set thick but one by one With spiry beams, that all at once shot high, Like those through vapours from the setting sun; Then sidelong as before the wind they fly, Like streaking rain from clouds that flit along the sky.
On the sixth of April I quitted Sydney, and after a pleasant journey arrived at Bathurst on the fourteenth, and found that our provisions and other necessary stores were in readiness at the depot on the Lachlan River.
/z/ THE SUBJECT COiNTINUED, WITH THE SAME VIEW.
This we believe to be the essential property of parallel lines, and that which the mind primarily contemplates, whenever it forms a conception of them.
It continued longest, says Aristotle, :: in the house of Orthagoras in Sicyon, for as it was very moderate and even popular, it lasted a century; and for the same causes it was preserved about as long in the house ofCypselus in Corinth.
Astrabel I will inquire here at your lordship's gate.
Beatrice This story is not well devised, my lord.
It is hard to conceive how greater care could be taken that no wicked, unjust, oppressive, hasty, or unwise Law should pass.
The largest and highest of these supported the Citadel or Acropolis, which took its name from its founder Cecrops; round this, the city was spread out, especially in the direction of the sea.
The bride and bridegroom were soon requested to " stand before the holy man, " and pronounce the vow which was to fix the coloring of their future lives.
You know that I am not very ostentatious of such things.
" Oh, yes, " said she, and for the first time instinctively obeying the impulse of her feelings, she darted through the door: Ellen closed it after her without following; believing that at this moment, it was best to leave her to the unassisted workings of her natural affections.
She turned deadly pale--and leaned, in her helpless, faint sorrow, and alarm, for a moment, against my bosom.
When all was ready the duke del Infantado demanded the attack: it was his first campaign, and he was anxious to disprove the royal insinuation made against the hardihood of his embroidered chivalry.
My blood ran cold within me, and I could quietly see it no longer.
The facts of history in America are still seen too much in detail for the imagination to combine them with her own creation.
The Lord can make up this and every disappointment, and when we can appeal to him, who is the searcher of hearts, that our desire after any thing is because it is a means of communion with him, and that nothing but a call in his providence prevents our using this means, we may look up for his blessing without the means.
The truth of the matter goes, in reality, no further off from you for being rejected; any more than the hour of death can be deferred by refusing to think of it, or by heedlessness of the solemnity of the prospect.
Now we certainly shall not allow ourselves to be betrayed into a defence of // slavery either by unjust taunts from abroad, or the desire of favor at home.
They will make him petticoats, and bid him stay in the wigwam with the women, for he is no longer to be trusted with the business of a man . "
I will then give the word, and you will form on my left opposite those fellows.
Charles Devalmore I should be sorry by my presence, sir, To mar the pleasure of convivial moments, By dull, untimely sentiments, adduced In vindication, even of my friend: But such my temper is, I cannot stand A silent auditor.
Mr Ingersoll has succeeded in collecting much information concerning the Catholic church in the United States, which we think will be novel to most of our readers; and it proves, what the author aimed to prove, the beneficent principles of our government in fostering the interests of substantial religion, in whatever forms christians may think it their duty to clothe their ceremonies, or render their devotions.
The Great Spirit is angry with his children . "
I sung the sister Arts, all hand in hand.
I gave him sight and took away his life, from motives equally wise.
Mr. Osborne frowned, and Grace looked more grave than usual . "
She seemed conscious of my expectation, but had no power to speak, Overpowered, at length, by her emotions, she burst into tears.
In the course of a few months (at the age of fifteen ,) I met with Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress.
and sure I must like him the better for doing it on my account, and I am persuaded, that if Mr. Adderly's love for you would so far overcome his dislike to them, you could not be displeased . "
" Purely to accident, Mr. Erskine, or, I should say, to Providence, if I may be so happy as to prevent a rash violation of the laws of God and man . "
Torribal Over the hills comes Madiboo, our brother!
And are these still to be exactly the things for which they have no sensibility or perception?
For this end he requested the youth to call at his house in the evening, when he should be at leisure to converse with him and furnished him with suitable directions.
Grenouille Ici, mon maitre, que est ce que voulez?
Perhaps it may be, however, because I heard a dear young creature, who always reminds me of a chief personage in this book, whenever I hear her sweet, thrilling, melancholy voice, once sing it, while her own heart was breaking.
God may, for wise reasons, call away some of his children by the hands of murderers; if so, instead of losing, they save their lives.
said the oldest man in the room--he was blind and bald, and his head was shaking with the palsy, while his countenance wore the consummate expression of wisdom and serenity, profound observation and undiminished faculty, suddenly wrought upon by a divinity stirring within.
You are a Jew, and I am a Christian.
Her good will; her sympathy at least might be awakened in my favor.
What though be mine the treasures fair Of purple grape and yellow pear, And fruits of various hue, And harvests rich of golden grain, That dance in waves along the plain To merry song of reaping swain, Beneath the welkin blue; With these I may not urge my suit, Of Summer's patient toil the fruit, For mortal purpose given: Nor may it fit my sober mood To sing of sweetly murmuring flood, Or dies of many-colour'd wood, That mock the bow of heaven.
A wise nation will combine all these considerations * and whilst it does not rashly preclude itself from any resources which may become essential to its safety will exert all its prudence in diminishing, both the necessity and the danger of resorting to one, which may be inauspicious to its liberties.
Wo to our race should we be I say not without a rule, but without an unerring rule, by which to shape our course safely, steadily, usefully, happily, justly; by which to regulate our actions, frame our opinions, chasten our feelings, and render the term of our existence one of utility and delight!
Carlos Now, Pacomo, away, and prepare for our attack.
The floors, doors, partitions, and shelves of the house, were also placed and kept by him in a tolerably neat condition; so that if, upon the whole, Gilbert's residence had no splendour to exhibit, nor much display of taste to boast, it was at least clean, commodious, and comfortable.
said I, reining the leader round, gallantly . "
That being secured, the world and I will part forever.
He ranks the demands of justice, before those of mercy, or liberality, and is therefore just before he is generous.
He will neither adopt these opinions, nor act so as to have it understood that he considers those who have embraced radical errors as being in a good and safe state.
And we must say further, that the liberties he has taken are, in some instances, greater than this notice would load us to suppose.
( the friar descends and supports Marmion, who appears insensible, Clara returns with water) Clar.
One day at Sir Joshua Reynolds, after dinner when Dr. Johnson, Goldsmith, and Burke were present, the conversation turned on the degree of excellence which sculpture attained among the Greeks.
He slowly yields, to the courtesy of example, the custom of making his weaker companion the bearer of burdens, and the servant of his indolence.
Speculator I guess not--big bugs have the direction of them.
I would not have believed that such a mortal deadlessness could exist in one so young.
I say Miss Mill--Ha, ha, ha!
With very similar propriety might the unbeliever in divine revelation say, that the Jews and ancient Israel derived their religion, not from God, as the bible purports, but from the heathen nations, /z/ who at that time might, for aught we know, have had just such religious customs.
But truth is mighty in its influence, and will at length prevail over falsehood and malignity.
The same dazzle may be reflected from the ripples of the shallow brook and the waves of the fathomless sea; both may be restless and noisy, but there is not an ear so dull as not to perceive at once the difference between the sudden and asthmatic turbulences of the former and the deep rolling of the latter's tides over their ocean floor . '
Another review grew out of this pamphlet, in which we took occasion to introduce a few particulars concerning the romantic life an (l character of Pulaski, and to add such strictures as occurred to us, on that part of the Life of Greene ,' which related // to this subject.
For fir multiply the quotient by 0.155, which will give the depth in inches.
Martha and I, had our clothes and jewels, and about fifty or sixty dollars in cash; we were however blessed with health, and bore the misfortune better than might be expected . "
What means have you, " said he, " of effecting such a proposition? "
" When will my wise relation leave off verse-inditing? "
This would pass away--a sense of desolation, enclosing him round about with a cold, dark atmosphere, and shutting out all communication with aught that was sunshiny or beautiful, would follow; and he would throw himself upon his bed, confounded and dismayed.
In an accent that stole on the still charmed air Like the first gentle language of Eve, Thus spake from her chariot the Fairy so fair: " I come at thy call, but, oh Paint-King, beware, Beware if again you deceive . "
Of Governor Hamilton and Mr. Allen ,--- Circumstances favourable to their Reception in the Circles of Fashion.
After all, we expect that the lovers of strict geometry will // object to the introduction here, of a principle which belongs more properly to fiuxions.
It depends upon burselves whether our prayers be efficacious.
She is certainly fainting, " he said, " it is the close air and this cursed shawl . "
No party feelings nor sectional views can sway them.
You recollect the milkmaid in the spelling-book, who lost her fortune by a toss of her head?
You have often told me that you desire my happiness above all things--that you love me for my own sake.
181; or thus - the forces at i and q being equal, their resultant will divide A B into equal parts at C: k and p being equally distant from i and q, and of course from C, will likewise have their resultant at C; and so of the rest.
It has entered into a contest in which it cannot be successful, until those causes, which contribute to the continuance of society, shall have ceased to operate.
O'Halloran now reviewed the strength and appointments of his own party, and found that it consisted of between seven and eight thousand men, who were promiscuously armed with pikes, muskets, swords, hayforks, &c.; They had also two small pieces of cannon, with some experienced cannoniers, who had formerly been in the royal service, to manage them.
And, as such complaints are often mistaken for humility, it is, perhaps, well to make them but - ridom.
In a few days the youth was established as a member of his family, and as a coadjutor in his shop, nothing but food, clothing, and lodging being stipulated as the reward of his services.
Less great the wondrous art was reckon'd Of tallies cast by Charles the second, Or Law's famed Missisippi schemes, Or all the wealth of South-Sea dreams.
But, on this day, we were mutually resolved to withdraw, secretly, from the party, and make our way home, by New-Orleans.
With a thrilling neigh--as if to cheer, The warriors that are thundering near: Then away!
On plate 21, is an Ionic cornice, with dentils, which may be drawn from the same scale as the rest of the order, and used instead of the modillion cornice.
At length the assembled multitude mount to the tops of the highest trees, whence, at a signal note from a leader, the whole together wing their way towards the opposite shore.
I went to her, and took her hand.
" We call him Hawkeye, " Uncas replied, using the Delaware phrase; " for his sight never fails.
This work diffused her fame far and wide* and her subsequent more serious productions established it on solid foundations.
One is as easy as the other; we did both . "
The committee reported their views to the corporation, at their session in September; who voted to accept the report, and ordered it to be printed, together with the papers read before the committee, or such parts of them as the prudential committee and the faculty should judge it expedient to publish.
Lodovico My lady Beatrice, do you know who the woman was, with whom my lord remained so long in converse.
The great chief, so often mentioned, mounting the charger of Heyward, led the way directly across the river, followed by most of his people, and disappeared in the woods, leaving the prisoners in charge of six savages, at whose head was Le Renard Subtil.
There was in them much to be admired by a virtuous person, much to excite the sympathy of the representative of a young republic, for they had an unaffected zeal for the happiness of their species, and a genuine hatred of every mode of tyranny.
The States General, formed into a Constituent Assembly, were prepared to reform; yet in a country where no free institutions had ever existed, how was it possible to collect a class of practical statesmen?
While the officer was posting his files, the gentlemen found means by their better knowledge of the premises to escape, half dressed as they were, into an adjoining corn-field, where they remained concealed for more than an hour, until the troops were withdrawn.
But perhaps the force of the objection may be thought to consist in the particular organization of the supreme court; in its being composed of a distinct body of magistrates instead of being one of the branches of the legislature, as in the government of Great Britain and that of this state.
My mother's, brother, whose profession was that of a surgeon, chanced to spend this night at our house.
Cineas, after a short pause, continued, " But after we have conquered Italy, what shall we do next, sir? "
A few new plants were found: the hills were a mere bed of iron ore.
Enter Woodville distractedly--his face pale with horror.
Yet, would the most spoiled child of worldly fortune but look around him on the changes and chances which ofttimes sweep away the best secured treasures, and bring in a moment the capitalist to bankruptcy, and his family to want, he could not feel himself entirely removed in sympathy from the suffering portion of his fellow creatures.
He then proceeded to relate the circumstances of his life with which our readers are already acquainted.
It is a tax, too, they say, which will hardly touch consumption.
I know how unbecoming this address must appear to you, and yet, persuaded that my character and my relation to your brother are well known to you, I have been able to curb by anxieties no longer.
Experiments by Duhamel are referred to by Tredgold, but he makes no use of them.
I informed our friends of it last Lord's day, and endeavoured to make some improvement of it, and begged them to pray for you.
Grant that the poor laws must be badly administered, because the government is corrupt and bad.
And so after blathering a bit of a while with him she axes him to drink a glass of wine, and says to him, says she--but why don't your honour ate, here's some good hot coffee and hot cakes, they will all get could . "
From the locomotion of animals the author passes to the art of flying, which he believes has hitherto been followed in an entirely improper manner.
Pleyel's temper made him susceptible of no durable impressions.
In some of the republics there will doubtless be further changes, and perhaps civil discords, but the Rubicon is passed, the conflict between despotism and liberty is at an end.
Beatrice My lord, I demand vengeance on this villain.
The regulation of foreign commerce appertains to congress alone, and the punishment of offences committed on the high seas is an unavoidable incident to this power: as soon as the Constitution was adopted, the power of the states in this respect was at an end.
Their looks prove, that they do not regard the matter as trivial.
Achmet stands in fixed attention--Selima observing his countenance.
struck with the jarring vortex of heterogeneous population, amidst which he is embarked, all searching for some better country, which ever lies to the west, as Eden did to the east.
One of their wise ones took for his text, Art thou better than populous No . '
Miriam is deeply conscious of her guilt, and confounded at its bitter consequences: she feels that she is a sufferer because she was a sinner; and would no doubt have made any sacrifice could it have been possible to regain the forfeited paradise of peace and innocency.
This proud complacency would perhaps be heightened, if you could have a disclosure fully made to you of the mortification and envy felt, by many tens of thousands, in comparing their situation with yours.
The minister of public instruction receives annually from these functionaries reports on the condition of the respective schools, founded on information furnished not only by the clergy, but by the inspectors, who once or twice a year accompany the superintendents in their visitation of all the schools in the province.
How welcome were the tidings that the peace Of heaven, the fruit of child-like faith and love, In thy tumultuous bosom had begun Its gentle reign.
The Count kisses Therese's hand, begs his mother not to be alarmed, and goes out agitated.
Juliet was inconceivably alarmed, but it is all over now.
In citing these cases in which the legislative, executive, and judiciary departments, have not been kept totally separate and distinct, I wish not to be regarded as an advocate for the particular organisations of the several state governments.
Ye'll be quite worn out in the struggle, and if ye cannot conquer, why--ye had better yield . "
Would you leave nothing to this " Magician? "
You are so, yet, Mr. Bosworth ,' was the reply.
Yet in this stress, whatever is best for the common weal, doubtless should be followed by all without a murmur . "
The red people who live on the same great Island with the white people of the eighteen fires.
But what is of the greatest importance, we have a better chance of educating our children, forming their characters, and directing their establishment in the world.
And now at the time of the passover, the antitype of this prodigy appears in the besieging army of Titus.
Nothing now remained but the last, sad offices of friendship; and they were silently performed.
But within a few years the territory northwest of the Ohio has been settled; and settled principally by New England men.
It was a period which formed an era in the religious opinions of the place.
The eventual election, again, is to be made by that branch of the legislature which consists of the national representatives; but in this particular act, they are to be thrown into the form of individual delegations, from so many distinct and coequal bodies politic.
The burdens which the citizens of those republics had to support, continued gradually to increase; and in the later period of Grecian liberty, became so great, that we cannot but esteem them oppressive.
I am overwhelmed by turns with dismay and with wonder.
This, though greatly advantageous to Great Britain, was not highly injurious to us; the exports served to sustain some demand for the produce of the country, and to weaken the force of the public discontents.
According to all the constitutions also, the tenure of the highest offices is extended to a definite period, and in many instances, both within the legislative and executive departments, to a period of years.
The sources of my inquietude were incomprehensible to her.
The fluctuating, and, taking its future increase into the account, the multitudinous composition of that body, forbid us to expect in it those qualities which are essential to the proper execution of such a trust.
( The boys embrace, and weep on each others neck . )
The crown blazed with jewelry, which to too curious scrutiny appeared to be not diamonds, but paste; not gold, but gold-leaf, and gold beads; of which fashionable New-England necklace, as tradition goes, there were not less than sixty strings, lent for the occasion by the kind auld wives' of the village.
Still there is a laudable honesty in Mr. Ogilvie's zeal, and no doubt he strikes at many real mischiefs.
My good Erlach seldom encumbers his epistles with place or date.
I am convinced, it is your wish to retain His friendship, and the friendship of every branch of His Illustrious Family.
But they are now ascertained by good witnesses, as a manifest though corrupt succession of the high priesthood in ancient Israel.
I have sent for my Confessor, to perform the last functions for the dying Countess St. LUC . "
Perhaps he speaks with too much indiscretion Against a barb'rous custom--and from that, His life is not in safety.
At seven he repairs to a genteel coffee house, if no pressing invitation to some grand entertainment call him another way; or as is more frequently the case, betakes himself to a friend's party, where he is always a welcome guest, and considered as a member of the family.
My dear young lady ,--A circumstance has occurred this morning, which seems to justify, in no slight degree, your strange suspicion--respecting a certain person.
She was a heavy woman, and in lifting her I strained my breast, so that it has never been strong since.
Zeal without iffering and humility is of little value.
When opposite the gate which led into this avenue, I paused.
I suppose, Hal, thou wilt be fond enough to guess so too.
Notwithstanding Lord Byron's improvement in health, his friends felt from the first that he ought to try a change of air.
She attached it to a ribbon, and had always worn it.
And poor Harold stood, like a condemned spirit, some erring creature, under the ban of the most High, awaiting his final judgment.
I hoped, ere this, to have exulted in their arrival.
O, if thou canst, I will continue to love thee, as never woman loved man, till the last breath that I draw; and trust to my heavenly Father to forgive me.
how can we reconcile the co-existence in one individual of characters so apparently contradictory to each other? "
, the moth er iaionua the little son, that the " ice is breaking up in the
you are welcome now, in answer to the inquiries of them that love me, to say that I have at length found the woman, whom, if I can, I will make my wife.
A word, a look would have done it . '
The flood had been slowly subsiding all day, giving us hopes that we should still be enabled to fell some trees for a bridge, which was now our only resource, as it was considered most advisable to use our utmost efforts to cross here rather than go farther up the stream.
In the course of the day the river fell upwards of a foot.
One of the brethren had been dispatched to Albany, where, they had reason to believe, Harrington meant to put into execution a plan to defraud the society of a considerable sum of money.
His Fame as a Skater of great Service in his professional Success.
Col Collatinus Welcome these, my friends, Lucretia!
Enter Madame Moreau, Wieland, Adelaide and Emmy L.H.
Quicksite Mr. Pufpace I have been considering your affairs and find that you are right.
thus while each blessing flies, sickness and pain, and frowning discontent, are sure attendants upon poverty.
When lo, the stormy winds arise, Deep gloom invests the changing skies; The sounding tempest shakes the plain, And lifts in billowy surge the main.
The next day he suddenly alters his course of life, disperses his // crew, sets tire to and blows up the Dolphin ,' while himselt, and another intimately connected with him, escape in some mysterious manner.
New guests are hastening on--Quick, bear your Torches in.
Ought not the calculation, in such case, to be upon a speedy resumption of them, with perhaps a quarrel as the pretext?
The /q/ subject was solemn and affecting, yet secretly pleasing and consoling.
I saw him, at three o'clock yesterday morning, pacing the hard ground, in the rear of his quarters, for an hour together.
Happy will it be if our choice should be directed by a judicious estimate of our true interests, uninfluenced by considerations foreign to the public good.
The soil of these plains was a stiff tenacious clay, and had every appearance of being frequently under water: as we were now in the parallel of the spot where the river divided into branches, the altered appearance of the country induced us to hope that we should shortly fall in with some permanent water, and be relieved from the constant anxiety attendant on the precarious supply to which we had lately been enured.
For my own part I boldly assert the contrary, and I insist, that all their defects as men, arc of infinite importance to the community.
without first veiling that, I could not sin.
Baroness If I am alone with him, immediately he becomes anxious, and asks twenty times in an hour if I am not weary, if I will not ride to this place or that, and knows no rest until I let him have the horses put to.
He recalled to the remembrance of his auditors the circumstances in which the Academy originated, and reminded them of the encouragement which the efforts of artists had received from the countenance which the King had given to the arts . "
What is the worst of woes that wait on age?
Without the patronage of such, the arts could never have obtained their high meridian in Greece and Italy.
Now, could you turn Pate's love to Neps, and then Peggy's to me, I'd be a happy man.
Jack Binnacle No, cook; where is he, where is Anderson?
Nor was Edward Ainslie backward in promoting this design.
Nor will they barely make allowances for the errors which may be chargeable on the fallibility to which the convention, as a body of men, were liable; ibut will keep in mind, that they themselves also are but men, and ought not to assume an infallibility in rejudging the fallible opinions of others.
I tried to tear your image away from my--its place, but could not.
The valleys were of the richest soil, having a small run of water in their bottoms.
Nor have any of them been made in modern times, so as that they might be fashioned to suit any partic*ular parties, persons, or purposes.
A letter is also extant to the king, apparently written in September of the same year, and in the most touching strain, from which we must find room for a few sentences.
I was wild with fright, and poor Lilly as white as my handkerchief.
But she was formed to walk in the calm and quiet paths of life, and to pluck the flowers of happiness from the way-side, where they grow.
O, I love her already, as if we had been a thousand years acquainted.
Man owes the deadly grudge for dev'lish wiles Practised on first created clay; for this I do curse thee with my whole heart and strength.
Undoubtedly they might equally cxercise their influence, whether they were in the same or a diL&amp;*rent assembly, or even without constituting any part of the legislature.
No authentic record can be found of a people more thoroughly and shockingly savage; more fierce in their passions, insatiate in their revenge, bloodthirsty in their wars, or inhuman in their treatment of enemies; and, at the same time, they are not less distinguished for the strength of their affections, unshaken attachment to their relations, grief at the loss of friends, and reverence for the memory of the dead.
I was unsocial; when I left my native village, no blessing, and no prayer went with me.
Little did I then think what had been, and what, at that moment, was the condition of my friend.
Chorley was pleased with Willis, and seems to have judged him pretty accurately.
Earl of Angus, (aside to Douglas) A word in private.
General Blucher Now contented shall I die; For I have seen the greatest Captain of our age.
A full-blooded Yankey; I must have some more fun with him.
There is a good locality between this fort and Fort William Henry to found a dock . '
I do not speak of myself; and then, there are trials and sorrows, unknown to any other than the married heart; obligation, to be encountered, that he, who dares not think of, must be an ideot; and that he, who thinks of, without trembling, must be a--a--I hardly know what to call him.
Both were Christians in faith and experience, but Mrs. Harrison was educated in the episcopal church, and was exact in all its observances: and Mrs. Allen, a real descendant of the pilgrims, was as rigid in her faith as was compatible with the mildness of her character.
Binga Delia, King of Pegu, returned to his hereditary dominions, leaving the government of Ava to his son Apporasa.
I was roused from these doubts by a summons to breakfast, obsequiously delivered by a black servant.
Could any one have seen the peacefulness of her heart, he would have pronounced that consciousness a treasure that has no equivalent.
Its kindest smiles are frowns, Its tender mercies cruel as the grave.
Dubois (to Richelieu) If you have a spark of human feelings left.
said the Moor--" to be reserved for hunger and slavery?
As for Mr. Wilson, it was the happiest day he had known since his youth; but when he retired to rest, he felt a sort of uneasy, reluctant wish to palliate his own crime ,--and he could not help murmuring, " She does look cursedly like Fitzherbert . "
All the powers they have not given up to the State Governments or to the General Government, they keep in their own hands.
Beside, to tell the truth, I could not bear that Gertrude should lose a penny, until death began to stare me in the face.
He proceeded thence to my habitation, which he found, in like manner, gloomy and tenantless.
He never countenanced by his august presence the worship of the village meeting.
Unfortunately the empress Catharine having a cast off favorite to whom she was willing to do a kindness, bethought herself about this time of placing him upon the throne of Poland.
I believe we may compute the number of such pupils throughout the United States at more than half a million.
They believe for the most part in a Supreme Being, but their notions are obscure, without system or consistency.
How many millions of the human race are daily fed from the products of agriculture, who know nothing of the principles which produce those rich supplies.
The natives // were repulsed, but with a loss of three or four colonists killed, and several wounded.
Duett--Jonathan and Harriet JONATHAN: I cannot tell the reason, but I really want a wife, And every body tells me' t is the sweetest thing in life; But as for checks like roses, with pouting lips, and such, I know no more about them, than Ponto does of Dutch.
They will enable you to judge better of his true character, than any general description.
' Warrior, in this rosy bower ,' Anointed by love's balmy tear ;' Rest thee sweet in happy hour ,' For gratitude and friendship's here . '
She is not unmindful of you; she knows you to be sick and in prison; and I came to do for you whatever office your condition might require, and I came at her suggestion.
Ferdinand there** // fore owed his throne first to the will of his subjects, and subsequently to their courage; and it must be granted that the power which first gave to him his political authority, might, under like circumstances, either wholly deprive him of it, or so limit it, as to promote the public welfare.
And not only to do this, but to account for the epilepsy of a babe?
he must be a murderer in his heart!
Let me leave this dreary spot, where, indeed, as long as I am thus alone, I can enjoy no comfort.
Meet him, " said Caroline, " meet him!
The minds of all classes of our people are enlightened, and whether Protestants, Presbyterians, or Catholics, a cordial brotherhood has taken place.
In his remarkable prayer for the children of his people he says " O satisfy us early with thy mercy, that we may be glad and rejoice all our days . "
The habitation was slight, and he imagined that he heard her traversing the floor.
When sufficiently informed, your decision will be right.
she said, interrupting him; " O do not let me hear you call behaving disrespectfully to your father, and such a father as, I doubt not, yours is, a trifling consideration.
The evidences of revelation to all, excepting those to whom the revelation was first made, are in their very nature essentially different from the evidences of natural philosophy, chemistry, &c.; For these are founded in immutable principles which never vary, and are ever open at all times to thorough investigation and experiment.
No observer ever thinks that the head is a block of stone.
Since you have it, " observed the Doctor, " I will give an account how I came by it.
if he could be nursed tenderly; very tenderly by--by--I cannot well utter my thought, brother; but what need of words?
But men may subscribe to it with different views!
He seemed to feel himself superior to those around him.
It discovers great ingenuity, and beauty of sentimnent and expression, and we cannot but notice the address with which he not only avoids embarrassment, from his well known political character, but finds occasion to introduce trains of thought connecting the grounds of defence with his political opinions and doctrines.
I have a purse of twenty guineas, and a captain's commission, to bestow on the brave man who will kill this damned heretic and lover of crowned heads . "
said he; how dare you bandy words with such a fellow!
There are still restrictions of which the colonists complain, and which the mother country may perhaps hereafter remove.
At length his feverishness abated--he ceased to be restless--the firm grasp of his hand relaxed--a gentle warmth was diffused throughout his system, and his respiration became quiet as an infant's.
They are from the pen of the Count Xavier de Maistre, a native of Piedmont, who, after having risen to the rank of general in the Russian service, is now living in retirement at St Petersburg.
for, in pursuing Nature, I found my road to be widely different from the path followed by Mr. Ireland.
* - /z/ *' I offended the par nobile mortally, - past all hope of forgiveness - many years ago.
The rooms into which I had already passed, were locked, but its key was in each lock.
Gusman Why the young nobleman who is to espouse her.
Could I not restore a mind thus vigorous, to tranquil and wholesome existence?
I was often inetrrupted, for my levity, or for something worse; but the result was nearly what follows . "
Yet, he is a great man; he is of the orthodox.
Few could have travelled in England to so much advantage and very few have so richly deserved all the enjoyment that could be found there.
That superstitions, however, have arisen, even in the christian church, you do not undertake to deny, but seem rather to admit; and it was on this fact that the first proposition was founded; but I perceive there is a difficulty in carrying this objection back to the apostles; for then the doctrine was new, and without precedent; and (unless the miracles on which it is said to have been founded were real) without any certain prospect of success.
It has been in good hands, and has run up to between two and three hundred.
These women were ready and officious in their charity, and none of them were prepossessed against the sufferer by a knowledge of his genuine story.
(in a voice of thunder--) I know you!
Besides these there are numerous other devialions from the main route, some of which have been traversed, l) ut the number that remains to be explored is doubtless far greater.
The losses of English travellers, in the most lawless periods of the Revolution, the losses sustained by payments in assignats, the nameless and numberless encroachments on property, which signalised that stormy and perplexed crisis in Europe, were all now sternly forced into the account to be liquidated.
Thanks to the performers; each one felt an interest in the piece, and seemed as if its fate depended on himself.
For this fact, we can appeal to the gallant General Miller, to Colonel Snelling, and other living officers, to whom the occurrences, which we shall relate, are well known.
The *auses, whatever they were, which produced this diminution in one year, evidently affected the India trade, more than the American trade, in this article.
Some thousands of students, divided into distinct nations (a general custom of the oldest universities on the continent of Europe), were not only exempted from paying duties, taxes, and tolls, but the public treasuries even granted them compensations for everything of which they happened to be robbed.
He had stolen horses from the letan nation, and had struck one of their dead.
Quod cx aliena virtute sibi arrogant, id mihi ex mea non concedunt; silicet quia imagines non habeo, et quia mihi nobilitas nova est, quarn certe peperisse melius est, quam receptam corrupisse . '
According to the ratio of importation into this state, the whole quantity imported into the United States may, at a low computation, be estimated at four millions of gallons; which, at a shilling per gallon, would produce two hundred thousand pounds.
After they have exhausted all their reasonings, we still return to this, and listen to the decision it makes.
These were residuary lands, neither subject to the control of any proprietary, or chartered colony, nor any of the colonial crown governments, but wholly, and exclusively, at the dis .. posal of the king.
Dorival I doubt you are speaking ironically, my friend.
The case too was a flagrant one; a private of Col. Kershaw's regiment had absented himself from guard, and upon being reproved by his captain, gave him abusive language; the captain ordered him under guard, and the man attempted to shoot his officer; but was prevented.
Nor will the intelligent and liberal, who look into the springs of human action, and attach to motives their proper value, consider this a fault.
But let me return to Major Clinton, or Colonel, as we ought to call him.
The signal being at length given to steer for France, they again entered the waters of Brest, without having seen an enemy.
Who can imagine Shakspeare writing in French, or Cervantes in Italian, or Metastasio in German?
On the contrary, its truth is evidence in confirmation of that excellency.
Servant Be not distrest, one object has been won, The Snake has been at least--the source of fun.
Curiosity is vicious, if undisciplined by reason, and inconducive to benefit.
// visible to the naked eye, has, as it were, been concentrated upon the path of the mariner.
from Judith, Esther, and other poems (1820) Calm was the hour; Bethulia's fertile heights Rose duskily; night's dome of deepened blue Swelled beauteous o'er her countless founts of light, Softening their brilliancy with gentle dew.
I only addressed the House twice, and made little " impression.
What for makes you afraid of Hobomok, " said the savage, who seemed scarcely less surprised than herself . "
The future was within my power, and the road of my duty was too plain to be mistaken.
That Richelieu palace will be the death of you!
That cottage ,' said Elvira, as they turned the corner of a narrow road, over which, two rows of aged elms--interwove their dark and irregular branches, forming a tangled and broken canopy, through which bright glimpses of the sky were caught, looking as if the whole heaven were one mirrour, with parts of the quicksilver, here and there, rubbed off.
James IV Few months have pass'd since Suffolk was enjoin'd By Lewis, at whose court he skulks concealed, To speak with truth if divers noble inmates Of Henry's court, whose loyalty seem'd doubtful, Had been indeed his friends.
I was compelled to acquiesce in the first conjecture that Carwin had escaped through the entry.
Why 1 Because amongst the limitations on the power of the States, it is said, " No State shall coin money " In regulating foreign and domestic commerce, and our intercourse with the Indian tribes, we are one nation.
It is a real pleasure to record the virtues of men, who, serving in a subordinate capacity, never expected such virtues should be known.
Its nobility includes, we believe, from thirty to forty ancient members of the Empire, who, on the score of their great landed property, and the place they hold in public opinion, are well qualified to be the component parts of a House of Peers.
as I am a living man--brother, were it to do over again, I would do precisely what I have done, though I went to hell for it--. '
Think how the troops will hail the joyful news.
Let us endeavor in the first place, to ascertain his meaning on this point.
A few days after, when the agent for the school presented the subscription list to Mrs. Wilson for her signature, she saw there, to her utter astonishment, Jane Elton's name.
The company was formed without delay, and in a few months a cargo of Scotch milkmaids was landed at Buenos Aires, in complete readiness to commence operations.
Whatever power, therefore, is not given by the Constitution, to the General Government, still be- /z/ longs either to the State Governments, or to the people of the United States.
In the following spring, our medical friends advised my getting soon to the country, and trying change of air, and scene, as much as possible, in the course of the summer.
He, therefore, let him go without interruption, rejoiced that the good fortune of his beloved grandchild, had preserved her from becoming the wife of such a man.
But in Georgia he says, all faces are haggard ,' and the inhabitants may justly be called great barbarians . '
Under this circumstance, claims of old and forgotten obligation revived, as from the dead.
It is hoped that the reader will take my word for this.
By heaven, it was the noblest, the most disinterested, and heroick evidence of love, unquestionable love, that I ever met with!
They are powerful means of such improvement, and not the necessary consequences of it.
Thus, I might, likewise, acquaint him with my motives for thus abruptly and unseasonably deserting his service.
I'll conduct you to him, towards the Olive Field--he must be there, now.
I had not closed the door of the apartment I had just left.
Their spirits are so elevated, and their passions so excited, by the company and the pleasurable scenes around them, that they are set loose from all sober restraint.
At length, I resumed with augmented earnestness, grasping her hand.
, the Editors represent young men ** of delicate and ingenuous minds, " as shrinking spontaneously from a responsibility such as that which the American Education Society requires; and they bestow their marked commendations on this characteristic.
Emily felt it too, and was glad to be saved from the efforts of self-dependence.
from Poems (1827) Where Dalecarlia's pine-clad hills Rear high in air the untrodden snow, Where her scant vales and murmuring rills A short and sultry summer know, Where great Gustavus exiled, fled, And found beneath a covering rude, Hearts by the noblest impulse led Of valour, faith, and fortitude, There still, a virtuous race retain The simple manners of their sires, Unchanged by love of sordid gain, Or stern ambition's restless fires.
The Lady expressed her approbation of his correct judgment, and inquired after the welfare of his family . "
Thou shalt find That constancy and hate of lawless wrong Descended from the heroes of my line, Even to their helpless daughter.
In like manner a dome of carpentry can hardly fall, give it what shape or what construction you will.
Exit Hubert, making, as he goes out, sign of encouragement to his master.
for her will I submit without another murmur . "
If it can be shown that no good ever come of it; that it has caused evil--and that continually.
There the Bill must, in like manner, be re-considered; and if two thirds of this House also agree to pass it, it becomes a Law.
He was insensible of his danger, but more sensible to the joy of his recent escape.
He deemed himself unjustly treated, and his resentment exceeded those bounds of moderation which he prescribed to himself on all other occasions.
( Exit Lucy, L. H.) My poor, poor boy!
By torch and trumpet fast arrayed, " Each horseman drew his battle blade; " And furious, every charger neighed, " To join the dreadful revelry! "
This neglect mortified the artists, and induced them to form themselves into an association for the exhibition of their own productions.
I reverted to my own knowledge, and sought in this some basis to conjecture.
Yet perhaps he may Allow, unchecked, one holiday, To those brave subjects, who have stood And sealed their fealty with blood.
I shall not live long; not many months, I am sure; as you wish for a blessing on that child, let the secret die with you . '
I engrave, that I may not hang myself!
The question put by Le Renard had been calm, and with all the dignity of an Indian; but it was quite apparent, by the thoughtful expression of the listener's countenance, that the answer was most cunningly devised.
People would protect themselves more carefully by their contracts--demand higher profits, prices, or interest; or security.
On the seventeenth of August, Mr Gallatin reminded the Viscount Montmorency of this fact, and on the thirtyfii'st following, itiade tile same intimation to M. de Vill*le.
I offered to go in his stead, but he said that was impossible.
And yet, notwithstanding this favorable circumstance for the formation, in this country, of what might be called a class of practical, political economists, it is the lawyers upon whom the task generally devolves of writing and speaking on the subject; and who, from Mr Hamilton down to Mr Baldwin, have done the most to give a direction to public opinion, on this subject.
Helena Can you regret dangers, which yield no glory?
Bligli by good fortune made the island of *I imor, from whence he returned home.
The Traveller; or, The Deserted Village? '
We observe, then, in the first place, that this argument takes for granted the very thing to be proved, and that with the widest comprehension both of premises and conclusion.
The writer of this is acquainted with the transaction between Thomas Craig and Mr. Dudley.
youth and spring of your affection, I have not had more power over you, what can I hope from the future?
The glowing scenes of Fancy shift That moment, in transition swift, As some damp day-thought comes to blight Hopes that have gained too proud a height.
Have you ever been sick--or imprisoned? "
The fairest expoation of Dr HoDey's merit, in this capacity, and, at the same time, the highest encomium that could be passed on it, would be found in a correct history of the academical department of Transylvania University.
You'd better stop awhile, Mr. Burroughs, whispered the lawyer.
His spirit enters the secret foldings of our hearts, and even the most upright afiectiona, and the most necessary upcm FioBLirr m little things.
Bailiff Mr. Delany, your most obedient, dutiful servant, your man--Del.
SALLY: Go then, you cruel, unfeeling monster, and see if I don't make you smart for your falsehood and villainy!
He was joined also by his brother Abdallah, commonly called El Zagal, or the Valiant, who was popular in many parts of the kingdom.
Tell me--On'y tell me, and I'll be your bounden slave forever.
Earl of Surrey Even now the chiefs Of every holy order are assembled To grace that rite which all the north reveres, When Cuthbert's abbot blesses our just cause, And trusts his far famed banner to my hand.
or that those minds which espouse the cause of evil, are constantly stronger than those which take the good side?
But, let me put a few questions to you; did Theodosia, through misbehavior, lay herself open to seduction?
His descriptions become harsli and overcharged; so that what was perhaps substantially true and laudable, is rendered false and dangerous by his distortion and extravagance.
At that hour he assembled together such of the magistrates and deputies as were in Boston, deeming it, as he said, proper to give them the earliest notice of the various important circumstances that had occurred since the morning of the preceding day.
In one place, which the Indians called the throat of the mountain, they were obliged to betake themselves to the channel of the brook, there not being room on its margin for a footpath.
At the moment when the victors found themselves unoccupied, the spot where these experienced and desperate combatants lay could only be distinguished by a cloud of dust and leaves, which moved from the center of the little plain toward its boundary, as if raised by the passage of a whirlwind.
Emmy After a pause You make this day the most noteworthy of my life.
Have I found you at last, Mr. D'Anglade?
Then let our chief be loudly named; With trumpets be his might proclaimed; He reared this architectural swell!
He would willingly have framed his measures to the concords of peace; hut ,' to use again his own matchless speech, when God commands to take the trumpet, and blow a dolorous or a jarring blast, it lies not in man's will what he shall say, or what he shall conceal . '
What subsequent events had introduced so total a change in his plans?
A famous hunting once there did In Chevy Chase befal . "
Delparc As a Magistrate, I have ordered her arrest.
You have been welcomed by me in my poverty and lowliness, and you have stolen the lamb from my bosom!
On the first glance nothing of that kind appeared, but now, as I turned towards the door, somewhat, lying beside the desk, on the side opposite the candle, caught my attention.
Prepare yourself, " said I, through my set teeth--" the boat is waiting; and only one of us will go in it . "
I felt quiet and composed, for I realized that Jehovah was riding upon the tempest and directing the storm.
Her features are agitated--Traces of weeping are upon her cheek.
For I was fanciful and wild, As youthful Freedom's freest child.
The person of this individual was to the last degree ungainly, without being in any particular manner deformed.
The cheering flame shall blaze forth in a few minutes . "
Something you have heard of my friend injurious to his good name, and you condemn him unheard.
Miss Campbell was about to reply when her aunt said, " you forget we are waiting for you, Grace.
The principles of self-defense require not merely an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, but for one eye two eyes, for one tooth two teeth.
He has not only prevented the lives of more than two hundred patriots from falling into the hands of tyrants who know no mercy; he has also prevented his country's enemies from becoming acquainted with the efforts her sons are making to free her from bondage.
Of what part or division of nature, or material existence, does it treat?
In connexion with this extract, our readers ought to turn to the volume, and peruse the letters of the late President Adams, preserved in the Appendix, on the subject of the origin of the American navy.
It may be concluded, then, that the first object of a university is to educate the scholar, to discipline his mind in those studies which have an ideal end.
My blood boiled; and the tears that gushed out of my eyes, when I was in bed, almost blistered my cheeks.
It is true that his satire is directed not so much against any particular system, as the vices of that system.
Thus we suppose, for we profess not to be very deep in this chapter, that the Athalie of Racine is a Classic, and the Messiah of Klopstock a Romantic poem.
... " Who knoweth what is good for man in this life, all the days of his vain life which he spendeth as a shadow!
You will not turn me out of doors, I hope.
" To rescue you, my soul's beloved, " he replied, " I did not hesitate to venture here.
" American pine 1606 " " " White deal 1928 " " " English oak 3860 do.
And by my honor, which has ever remained sacred and unblemished, were they both to live again, and living offend me as they did, they again should fall the victims of my hatred and ambition.
Not one envious or repining thought intruded into the heaven of Hope Leslie's mind.
But if we knew all that led to them, all the intervening circumstances which insensibly prompted to the deed, all the trifles whose influence is so imperceptible, and yet so great, how might our opinions be altered.
To give a minority a negative upon the majority, which is always the case where more than a majority is re- /z/ quisite to a decision, is, in its tendency, to subject the sense of the greater number to that of the lesser.
Take conserve of roses two ounces; of Loca- /z/ telli's balsam dissolved with the yolk of an egg, au ounce; mix them.
But, sir, while reputations are so indiscreetly puffed, while thanks and statues are so childishly awarded, and the greatest real services are so coldly received, I had almost said censured, we are in the high road to have no virtues left, and nothing but ambition to reward.
What then do you come hither for at such an hour?
Nobody could open the door without making some noise; although he should open it, as I did, softly for a moment, and then, very swiftly.
/lrt of Living, is another; his Studies on the Beautjful in.
I stole whatever I could lay my hands on, unless confidence were put in me, until I was eighteen; and so expert was I, that I have stolen one end of a thing, while the owner was holding on by the other.
It is on many accounts not only wicked, but foolish, to conduct yourselves with provoking superciliousness towards inferiors.
what a magnificent heart, had that man once within his reach, had he only known its value!
Leave hidden matters with God, and difficult texts of scripture with the elders of the church.
All houses were open, all streets thronged, and all faces thoughtless or busy.
He, whose heart was a stranger to fear, trembled as he spoke--" Maurice, thou hast a true heart.
On Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, I was much distressed, struggling with a spirit of murmuring and rebellion against the divine will respecting me.
And yet, perhaps, the happiness of Constantia is not unconcerned in this question.
Who knows but one of the tides, which, taken at the flood lead on to fortune ,' may await me?
Men, women, and chil dren took their seats upon the ground, and offer ed their necks to the sword.
They should be kept much longer at the study of languages in preparatory schools, and hera they will be qualified to attend to the sciences with advantage, and without distraction.
Look, for thy hair a garland; every flower That spreads its blossoms, watered by the tear Of the sad slave in Babylonian bower, Might see its fraid bright hues perpetuate here . "
I did not know at the time, nor do I recollect ever to have heard, that Pulaski was found asleep, until it was mentioned by Judge Johnson, in his " Life of General Greene . "
/z/ To what expedient, then, shall we finally resort, for maintaining in practice the necessary partition of power among the several departments, as laid down in the constitution?
To that chap ,' (nodding at me . )
These laws of men accept no atone ment for capital offenses; no mercy is offered, for none is provided for those who incur their penalty; but the gospel offers mercy to the chief of sinners while it condemns those who reject the offers.
A regular system of free and speedy communication, is of vital importance to the mercantile interest, but on a wider scale we must also admit it to be of the first consequence to the general benefit.
But what was it that contributed very much to the production of those works?
Well, how do you like the war; we shall have no more foreign importations; all must be our own country's productions and manufactures.
He is almost ready to repent the confidence he has placed in you.
She is eager to attempt it ,' replied Mr. Bennett ,--and anticipates much pleasure in the employment of school keeping . '
there was the imminent danger of a fatal result; and there was the probability of a painful, and now almost hopeless, previous operation.
Jake enters with a whip in his hand, and as he enters, halloos to the cattle without, takes out a bottle of cider from the closet and drinks; hearing a noise at the door, hides it in haste, thinking his master is coming.
Through the vast series of descending years, That lose their currents in th' eternal wave, Till heaven's last trump shall rend th' affrighted spheres, And ope each empire's everlasting grave; Propitious skies the joyous field shall crown, And robe our vallies in perpetual prime, And ages blest of undisturb'd renown Arise in radiance o'er th' imperial clime.
M. Royer Collard was chosen in seven different places.
May we not point out to the student also another, a still higher and more elevating pleasure, which lie is to derive from the study of political economy?
I believed that I should not have survived to this hour; I wanted to cut off every hope, every possibility of his union with me . "
Stranger What's the name of this state, sir.
Already we've had proof what dreadful acts Their madness may commit, and each new day The frenzy spreads.
The only question then remaining is, how we can ensure to it correct principles, and give it all the accuracy of which it is susceptible.
No--I feel--thou excellent and high minded woman!
Thee's heard that when rogues fall out, honest people come by their own ;' so it seems that these fellows fell out among themselves, and so one o' the gang turned king's evidence.
From various sources he collected a sufficient sum to pay his expenses to Amsterdam, and trusting in Providence for the means of continuing his journey after he should arrive there, he set off in the diligence for Brussels, intending to proceed by land to Lubeck and there embark for the metropolis of Russia.
On the right, as he enters the bay, he sees a line of low rock, with abrupt hills in the rear, and a few small huts of fishermen or negroes, standing just on the brink of the water, with a small garden enclosed near by.
Emma, " said I, " I may be wrong; it is very possible.
It is a wise appointment that we should rest from our labours, retire from the world, and devote a day in seven to the care of our immortal souls.
She was heartily glad to see me; and shook hands, cordially, with me--told me, what was true, that she had given up all hope of ever meeting me again.
Is he to fall a prey here, in his helplessness?
I was deeply affected with his manner, and watched the movement and expression of his face, till I half persuaded myself, that he was a doomed man . "
The entries and staircases were illuminated by a pretty strong twilight.
It is practically connected with our daily and most interesting duties, and its principles can never be too well understood, or too faithfully applied by those, who wish well to the happiness of their country . '
Although perfectly alive to the graphical elegances, and all the exalted excellences of Shakspeare, Homer, Pindar, Milton, and Byron were perhaps his favorite authors; and of the writings of these he was an accomplished master.
A female society has just been formed here for the liberal education of such indigent pious young men, of good capacity, as manifest a strong desire to preach the Gospel; and it is confidently expected the gentlemen will take up the business on a large scale.
// The leafless tree was truly, as it appeared to the eye of Mononotto, a fit emblem of the chieftain of a ruined tribe . "
He had scarcely secreted himself when he heard the sound of his pursuers galloping rapidly past the avenue to the house.
He knew so little of our money, that he refused to part with his vegetables in exchange for Spanish dollars, a coin we had always been taught to believe passed current in every corner of the earth.
Martha Wilson--I will not go to hear Deacon Barton's everlasting prayers; I have heard so many of them, that I know them all by heart.
The fulness of my fancy renders my eye vacant and inactive.
While one of these loiterers showed the red skin and wild accouterments of a native of the woods, the other exhibited, through the mask of his rude and nearly savage equipments, the brighter, though sun-burned and long-faced complexion of one who might claim descent from a European parentage.
But, situated as the colonists then were, with regard to Acadia, the arrival of a vessel from thence, was a matter of some importance.
We cannot, however, forbear to notice the indifference which prevails among us with regard to the duty of serving on juries, and the reluctance with which those who are best qualified for the task are brought to the performance of it.
Who knows but what among thy kindred brood Some leech thou art, of credit and renown, And so thou com'st, forsooth, to let me blood!
I waited some minutes--oppressed with an unaccountable sensation--to hear it again ;--and, at last, his breathing had become so loud, as to alarm me . "
Delparc You have it--I shall rejoice to second your exertions.
Neither do I believe a single word of the matter.
For a moment, I was a fool--a madman--and forgot all my errand--his blessed wife and children.
It was common lor them to pay for protection, and to tear other civil burdens.
All this have I foretold to him, time after time, until, at length, I have given it up, entirely.
About two hundred of the regulars who could not be rallied when they took to flight, had already recrossed the river, but including his Virginians, there was still a force of nearly three hundred on the ground . "
Hope in God; he will support you and enable you to be useful to others, if you trust in him and do not neglect your duty.
But Col. Hugh Horry, who was his bosom friend, and partook more of his confidence than any other man, prevailed upon him to remain.
We readily conjectured that something to this purpose must be the import of the writing.
Ces messieurs-la, " said Montcalm, following up the advantage which he conceived he had gained, " are most formidable when baffled; and it is unnecessary to tell you with what difficulty they are restrained in their anger.
He was a man of sensible and pleasing aspect, and was recommended to my friendship and counsel in the letter which he brought.
Yet, my friend, This mood but rarely visits him.
There is also another lexion which is frequently and pointedly mentioned: he New Testament; namely, the sacred and lonsible relation, between spiritual pastors and r flock.
Attempts were made to bribe Frederic not to interfere, by promising to permit him to increase his dominions in some similar way; but the Prussian king was not to be moved from his purpose.
We repeated the names of some of the most distinguished writers, English and continental, of the last genera* tion, who had exercised their talents in this way; till novels and romances had become the vehicles of the finest efforts of the understanding.
You say you are anxious to hear more of the old woman I wrote you of.
It appeared to me, for a little time, that it were better for me to be buried with her--but- - poor Emma!
Yet if a human being had been there, could he fail to have been visible?
As I had traversed the outer, I now explored the inner edge of this hill.
This js the second time (the 22d) that the words " ge neral welfare, " are mentioned.
Gertrude knew it gave me uneasiness; but conscious of her innocence, and loving to exert her power, she continued as gay and as free as ever.
Then I had rather meet my fate at once; e'en death, grim death, with all his glastly horrors is preferable to slavery.
why, this plainly means that you may 7iot.
would not so much goodness be a high aggravation of your offence, in being guilty of such disrespect to so kind a father?
We ought highly to appreciate the pious duty of sketching the lingering and evanescent traces which half a century has not been able to obliterate.
* ment, that the combatant has never had and never expects to have the honor of acting on a better.
The shot rang, and many generations mingled their blood at his feet.
Almighty ruler, Thou who dost' venge the cause of outrag'd nations, Thou who dost hearken when the upright call, And, at the patriot's cry, with thunder smit'st The tyrant's head, and sear'st the traitor's heart, Hear now the cry of Erlach!
A fool, a knave, and a consummate liar, whose impertinence I had born for the sake of his handsome, vulgar wife, till I could bear it no longer, once told me something--I know not what, and another might not have taken notice of it--at a large dinner table.
in the high pressure engine; which, therefore, is unprovided with the condensing apparatus.
What, are you palsied--are you stricken to slaves at the sound of an approach of a tyrant--are you ready to throw down your freedom, and like the timorous spaniel crouch at your master's feet before you see him?
Rutledge had ordered out only the half of the militia; now all were again directed to take the field as formerly.
Once, while they were undressing, Esther said, but without any emotion in her voice ,--her face was averted from Hope ,--" Everell has been proposing to me to assist him in a clandestine attempt to get Magawisca out of prison . "
It is nearly a mile, and you have no time to spare to carry the babe, or wait for me, and I ought not to go--so do not let me hinder you another moment . '
Two years have gone, since we left him, leaning upon his hands, the blood of his whole body rushing to his brain--the atmosphere darkening about him, and within him, and his broad eyelids shivering and shutting incessantly, over his mournful eyes, with the excess of his passion.
What is all this correspondence, between you and brother John, about, coz?
Not two men could have been worse fashioned for sober merchandising.
I told him so; but he smiled, and bade me wait with patience--that--if I would wrestle with my devil, he would, with his . "
He has drudgery and details to go through as well as other teachers.
dost thou think that leaning on my sword I'll stand at goodly distance--noting down The wounds that brave men suffer for my sake, And cry with careless accent--" that's well fought! "
But he and his brother and his friend Phipps, as he relates, formed once a bolder project, and drew up and presented a memorial to Mr Pitt, containing a proposal for the establishment of a colony in one of Cook's newly discovered islands, on a military plan, to put a bridle on Spain in time of peace, and annoy her in that quarter in time of war.
I took her hand; it was wasted and hot; and, when I mentioned the name of Juliet, she opened her large dark eyes, and then shut them again, with such an expression of melancholy, that mine filled on the spot.
He however declared his disbelief of the king's sincerity, who was known to have discovered a most disgraceful subserviency to the French court.
Lord Byron in his correspondence, however, continues to allude to these uivfortunate differences, and is pleasant upon the gasconading which distinguishes the Greek of this day as it did the Greek of the age of Cleon . "
Mr. H. and Clerks, looking over the Bill-book.
There's William, " says I to her, " oh, he was to marry Miss Tabb Nothingsurer.
A few months had passed since I had last visited this spot.
For greater safety, it was constantly placed in a closet, which was likewise locked.
General Putnam, we aU know, was a laborious man, and, although rough in manner, was a good commander.
The policy of the French government, while it remained under their jurisdiction, induced them to attempt the conversion of the native tribes, as a means of advancing their own interest, and retarding the influence of the English colonies.
For the rest, it would be somewhat tedious to relate all now.
Men of factious tempers, of local prejudices, or of sinister designs, may by intrigue, by corruption, or by other means first obtain the suffrages, and then betray the interests of the people.
To this spot he was unconsciously approaching, when he was roused by the near report of fire arms.
Mr Bankrupt How do you do, Mr. Hardrun?
For example, in the country they see a mill, and they wish to know what it is; we must show them how it is that corn is thus prepared for man.
He does not accuse her of imperfections, only remarks that they were unequally matched; that there never was, that there could not be, between them that communion of mind, to which he had always been accustomed in his intercourse with Miss Brooks.
To judge from the air of freedom and happiness in their faces, you would have pronounced them a company of the blest.
In placing my name to the warrant for his execution, I would have it understood, I perform an act rendered necessary, by the event of his trial.
It may not be improper to add, for the better understanding of these proceedings, that the deliberations of the Con0ress were assisted at this third meeting, by the presence of a strong guard of honor, which, by order of the learned Doctor, surrounded the church where the assembly was held.
He himself gives as a title to this part of his work, History of the last Period of the Reign of Frederic the Second, King of Prussia , 1778-1786 . '
In other instances love has reference, both with mortals and with immortals, to sensual enjoyment; although in the noble and uncorrupted vestal characters, as in the amiable Nausicaa, it was united with that bashfulness, which accompanies maiden youth.
On the base of the monument is sculptured a lyre, and underneath it the following inscription ,--VIcT.
Mr Lucas's Cabinet Atlas is intended to occupy another sphere; it contains a series of maps embracing the whole surface of the globe, constructed in a form and brought into a compass suitable for constant reference and use.
And I have as fat a turkey as ever you tasted, said she, at the fire: it's been done these two hours.
I notice that you acknowledge that there are evidences in favour of divine revelation, which would support it, if there were nothing to counterbalance their testimony.
All is rude nature as it sprang into existen* still preserving its primeval type, its unreclaimed exuberance . '
Lavigne This way, now--That's right--There, there!
A good government is too awful to be touched by the vulgar or turbulent; and when society has reached something like settled order, and habits of reflection, it should not be suffered to fall again under what we must call the savage influence of mere passion.
This force was confronted by a strong detachment from Calcutta.
Baron Wildenhain Do you not blush when I name him!
He little knew, for his better feelings were warped by a morbid imagination, - - how gladly she would have exchanged every other blessing for one assurance of returning confidence and affection . "
Stand ,' said the corporal of the guard.
In others, the laws that were passed were to be transmitted to England, and if disallowed by the king in council, they lost their force; but until his disapprobation was announced, they were binding on the colony, if enacted according to their respective charters.
/z/ which is to destroy all foreign trade, and the effect of which is to impose burdensome taxation on the nation at large, to promote the views of one particular class.
O my Brother, my beloved Devalmore, Hear the cries of thy distracted sister, And wake once more to life!
Salt is obtained by them from abroad exclusively, but the people of the western part of New York procure their whole supply of this article, as well as of flour, at home.
Nor would we' complain of this arrangement as in- Report on a Course of Liberal Education , 21 expedient, provided that starvation is not the consequence of a patronage so minutely divided.
But as her sickness approached its fatal termination, he was himself summoned to his last account.
And why can't I act tragedy and comedy?
such a harmless, helpless, lonely being--my tears fall so fast on my paper, that I can scarcely write.
a large proportion of which are brought from the west.
I confess the news has surprised me, for it is not Erlach's fashion to pay visits at the beginning of a campaign.
He awoke again--and found her sitting by his side, with her quiet hand upon his forehead.
He can never be regarded with complacency by my wife.
Although its inhabitants have at various periods changed their places of abode, they were never wandering tribes.
This is the sole cause; a cause indispensable, and, where it is put in operation, sufficient, and always sufficient.
We should be sorry, if anything we have said should in the least abate the liberality of the public towards them.
He often stopped to examine the trees; nor did he cross a rivulet without attentively considering the quantity, the velocity, and the color of its waters.
I feel more sensibly the dignity to which you have raised me, as I am placed in succession after so eminent a character, whose exalted professional abilities, and very excellent discourses delivered under this roof, have secured a lasting honor to this Institution and to the country; while his amiable dispositions, as a man, will make his loss to be long regretted by all who had the happiness to know him . "
Sprees, are when we just use fisty cuffs, thus.
These, therefore, are, in part, the ingredients of this tale, and these he has been ambitious of depicting in vivid and faithful colors.
He looked at his watch anxiously, and was about to retrace the path he had just taken, when the young Englishman arrested his attention.
Venturing to inquire of the servant where his master and mistress were, I was answered that they were engaged.
In truth, today is older than yesterday, and therefore, were the mere age of a doctrine to be regarded, the tenets of the present would have a stronger claim to be invested with the prestige of antiquity than those of the past.
said she; " it is you, indeed, whom I again behold.
T is the last bosom, thou shalt ever wound.
My sermon was on heaven, such as you have heard from me in Boston.
Can't you let the young folks take their time?
The three tlagstaffs on which the banners of these kingdoms waved, still stand in the place of St Mark's.
I hardly think he would have ventured a deceitful proposition to me through you, because he must be sure that in such case it would be eventually exposed.
The republican trio, when they began to publish in " common, were to have had a community of all things, " like the ancient Britons; to have lived in a state of nature, " like savages, and peopled some' island of the blest' with " children in common, like.
Thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art, and thy righteousness may profit the son of man . "
Madam Winthrop submitted with the best grace to this cross purpose.
Singular qualities he must certainly have possessed, to maintain this power for sixteen years against all adversaries and rivals till his death, and he must have been favored by singular circumstances; but un // blushing impudence on his part secured this influence over the feminine weakness of Catharine.
This we infer from the fact, that in Russia, where the winters are uniformly cold, bees do not perish; and in the West Indies where there is perpetual verdure, they are never exhausted.
This had, however, been long disused, and no precedent can be found later than the reign of Edward the Third, for anything resembling it.
In the higher city they long defended them selves against%e Hebrews.
d aware, that k woi44 be impossible, perhaps not desirable , 10 a College like Canbrice, exactly t apportion th, e salaries and duties of the different instructers, so that aH should sXwi o " a perfect equality.
He owns that, in matters of fact, he does not see his way quite clear to assert what is false of America; but as to matters of principle, he may say of us, what he pleases.
WE hold it to be a fortunate thing for any country, that a portion of its literature should fall into the hands of the female sex; because their influence, in any walk of letters, is almost sure to be powerful and good.
( stands lost in deep reflection some time) " But this maiden--this amiable, lovely, inexpressibly lovely creature, who has just left me--who has awakened a new, and most delightful sensation in my breast, this lovely creature is my sister!
The knife speaks for itself, said a judge.
then it fades, As that does from the hot and staining beams Of the all piercing sun!
This is neither the place nor the occasion to detain you with selfish wishes, " he added; " but what heart loaded like mine would not wish to cast its burden?
It is a description of the Heaven of Coquettes, and we have always regretted, that so very lofty a flight of the imagination should have been introduced into a work of a design so gay and humorous.
People do wisest who " take care of their fame when they have got it.
A line of kings succeeded Jeroboam; hat none of them, to the time of the expulsion, were true worhippers of the God of Israel.
Panin took care not to undeceive her; and through fear of obstacles that might retard or ruin his scheme, he begged the empress would communicate on the subject with no one till the couriers were despatched.
This has been a place of great busines; but a series of misfortunes and disorders, had reduced it, exceedingly.
" I objected to this, alleging that it would involve him in a quarrel with lord D. perhaps, which would render me unhappy.
Madam de Cerval enters at the same moment and endeavours in vain to detain her.
" That name, " said Sir Philip Gardiner, in a low tone to Hope Leslie, next whom he sat, " should, I think, have been reserved, where names are significant, for a more just appropriation . "
It serves, also, to encourage us to hope, that the Lord has other chosen ones in this place.
" But the old hunks would'nt be so bad either, did he not sing long Ben Bridgeman's song to his crew, forty shares of booty to his own locker, and damned a peeling of the cable to his men " muttered a coarse and swarthy faced man, with a loud, gruff voice, that sounded like the notes of a dying bear . "
All the prejudices and expectations of an heiress were early and deeply imbibed by her; and her father's character had hindered her from forming any affectionate or useful friends of her own sex, while those who called themselves his friends were either merely jovial companions or cunning creditors.
My fancy outstripped my footsteps, and was busy in picturing faces and rehearsing dialogues.
On the other hand, the feeling of respect for the ju*lgment of the world, which leads us to endeavor to excel in such arts and qualities as may render us agreeable and useful to others, does not seem to be productive of any equally serious inconveniences.
But the great security for its observance lies in the wisdom and excellence of the Constitution itself, and the conviction of the whole people of the United States, that it is for their true interest to observe it inviolate.
A creditor, under this law, has, until two years after a discharge granted, to file, what are called, " allegations, " against the debtor; and these allegations are usually of fraud, or embezzlement, which, if substantiated, leave the debtor subject to perpetual imprisonment . "
There are prudential reasons, which dissuade from going largely into this examination, unless it shall be rendered necessary by the future turn of the discussion.
The coachman stopped before a large, noble-looking building of Portland stone, with a piazza in front, supported by a range of Corinthian pillars.
Rosina de Rossberg' T is worth all risk: This Altorf is my kinsman, and my heir.
He stood against the ruins of a fort, which had been built almost forty years before, by the Sieur de Monts, who, on that spot, first planted the standard of the king of France, in Acadia.
He communicated the result of his observations to his companions, in Delaware, and a short and earnest consultation succeeded.
But his threats and persuasions were both firmly resisted, and proved equally ineffectual to accomplish his purpose.
This power has never been denied in any country, and is incidental to the nature of all legislative bodies.
In this manner those views decided the character of religious worship, which received from them, not merely its forms, but also its life and meaning.
You had reason to fear my reproaches, yet you have strangely erred in imagining the cause for which I should blame you.
Went at 12 o'clock in a fright, to the Luxembourg, conning speeches in execrable French all the way.
The city of London was rated at twenty ships.
And have I not for a long time past been preparing my mind for the approaching catastrophe?
I dare not tell even Harriet, that I wear his miniature in my bosom--a keepsake with which I most solemnly promised never to part.
I always fancy when I read a novel, that I am the heroine, and the hero is one of my favourites; and then I realize it all, and it appears so natural.
Had 1*lr Droz examined more carefully, and followed out into its consequences the principle supposed in the single passage above quoted, he would probably, if he really feel the veneration which he professes, for the pride of the new world ,' have spared himself the trouble of writing his book, at least in its present shape.
It is rare to see a Frenchman here ;--and an Italian, Spaniard, German, or other European is a prodigy.
Yet some do, and a few beyond that sum.
I never knew you so regardless of our feeling . '
Is she not graven as a signet upon his heart?
And if successful, what have I to gain?
I hear a sound, a step--Quick let me hasten home.
Do not think, my dear friends, I am fleeing away, because, as matters stand between us, I cannot abide to stay here.
ACROSS THE BOTTOM OF THE STAGE, A GARDEN WALL, WITH A LARGE OPENING OF IRON RAILING IN THE CENTRE, WHICH DISCLOSES THE DISTANT COUNTRY.
But e'er I'm tangled in the fatal noose, And tie the knot death only can unloose, Perhaps your worship's monitorial voice May furnish rules to regulate my choice.
I foresee a good deal of entertainment in his company; and he seems very anxious for my favourable opinion.
Every eye was upon her--every thought--her youthful and exceedingly fair sister, the pride of the neighborhood was overlooked now, and so was the prisoner at the bar, and so were the judges and the jury, and the witnesses and the paraphernalia of death.
I shall not controvert the reasonableness of the suspicion, but leave you at liberty to draw, from my narrative, what conclusions you please.
What could be more glorious for the general commanding free men than thus to fight, and thus to save the lives of his fellow soldiers?
Recovering his recollection on the instant, instead of sounding an alarm, which might prove fatal to himself, he remained stationary, an attentive observer of the other's motions.
a son who shall continue my name, and inherit my estates--a son in whose arms I will die . "
/z/ When it is recollected, that the proceeding of Esther, in going in to the king uncalled, was a deliberate violation of a law of the state, and that Vashti had been discarded for an offence of far inferior consideration; we cannot but notice the overruling providence of God, in giving the queen acceptance in the eyes of Ahasuerus.
Healthy, " replied Peter, somewhat disappointed . "
Having got rid of Sambo we renewed the conversation, which turned upon subjects most likely to promote good humour, every countenance was animated, and pleasure beamed in every eye--nor did we forget to acquaint Wilson with the happy meeting of Horton and his wife.
Yes ,' she replied, I think it very probable . '
This is a sin which, we should hope, is not often committed; and, as a means of prevention, we would enforce a contrary conduct by all the authority which can attach to the language of an inspired adviser.
I hope you're satisfied now--Ai nt you railly afeard one bit though, cousin Bridgy?
I know not--I--I; but there was a something in her manner, too eager, too grateful--and abrupt, as if my promise were more important to her, than it ought to have been--which set me thinking Let me pass over the rest of our courtship--preparation and marriage.
It is here too, that they may be most pernicious.
Are the state governments to be stigmatized as tyrannies, because they possess this power?
No one ever extracted more felicity from the prosperous reverse.
Rainouard Were I to say whence dire Conscription came, I should explain it thus.
He meditated, communed with his friends, sought for Divine assistance in prayer, and when at last the returning health of his tender charge rendered it not only advisable but necessary that she should know the whole, he came to the trial with fear and trembling.
I have a child, of a perverse, obstinate, disobedient temper, who is particularly fond of a particular kind of fruit.
When the last trump shall echo--" live! "
" Heaven forbid that we should ever be spoken of, except to remember that a Pastor thought it his duty to be more docile than the meanest sheep of his flock; and that his submission was unlimited . "
Some of the baggage horses, which were a mile or two behind the others, came up to the tents, with nine natives, who had joined them on the road: they were entirely unarmed, and there was but one mogo, or stone hatchet, among them; we had reason to suppose that their women and children were at no great distance, as they were observed to hide themselves when the men were first seen.
Arnaud Yes, she is his daughter, the lady Amelia.
The ends are, in like manner, closed in, as sometimes are the sides, for the distance of twelve feet, forming at.each end of the house a small room.
Mr Dwight gives too much importance to the mild and uniform temperature arising from stoves; although he would be right in pitying the poor student, born in Germany, who had to depend for heat upon a fire-place that requires constant care, that smokes, or scorches one part of his body, while the other is chilled with cold.
/z/ Such as reached the shore were slain by the en raged Romans.
The ensuing day was spent, partly in sleep, and partly in languor and disquietude.
At the end of that time, a complete ransom was received for Wilson.
" No--far be it from me, " she replied, " to think so.
Good fortune gave me one of the best places for hearing, and tak* ing a few minutes.
But thou comest in an evil hour to visit this land, for thy safety will be endangered.
You would still be a hero, I perceive, " returned Claverill--" I like to see so much metal in your gizzard, although, my old cock, we'll try to get it out of you in a few days by breaking your neck.
Let the load at A be the weight, and E, applied at B, the power.
Yet the sons of this seminary have always maintained their full share of reputation, in whatever paths of life they trod.
Devise some other means By which my friends may know me.
When others danced; struck the glad wire; or caught The thrilling murmurs of loved lips, I roamed Where the hill-foxes howl, and eagles cry, Brooding o'er wrongs that haunted me for vengeance.
I yield, dear cousin, I must yield; Your better sense has fairly won the field, With the assistance of that blind boy's dart, Who sports and plays about my fickle heart.
Besides, it was not the time for remonstrance.
hast thou ever, in thine own chamber, while meditating on some beloved one, thought to thyself, and held thy breath as the thought arose in thy heart, how thou wouldst feel, should that beloved one, casting off all that shackled her to the vain customs of the world, holding a sublime confidence in thee, hallowed and protected by the shedding halo of her own purity, appear before thee, beside thy very couch!
He will do the thing that is right, and leave the event to God.
" What the girls have left of them are in the closet . "
He had expected to hear doubts stated, if not to be loaded with reproaches; and the ready acquiescence which lightened his heart of such a load of apprehension, utterly bewildered him . "
( holds out his hand to her) Wife.
PoLITIcAL wisdom has to solve the difficult problem of directing the industry of the people, under the limitations of their constitutional compacts, to the advancement of the public good.
Emily Allcure A letter--it is his hand--oh--thanks, thanks!
I will immediately converse with your father, and have the happy day appointed . "
Still, however, it seemed but a submission to necessity; and all advances were made with an ill grace.
Precedents serve to illustrate principles, and to give them a fixed authority.
She bid us begone--we were saucey girls, and that she would turn over a new leaf with us, when she got an old man of her own.
Alberto If it be criminal to stand arraigned In this stern presence, for the sole purpose Of answering for commission of such crimes Of which I have as yet not heard the name, I do plead guilty without further charge.
The members consisted of twelve, and I " elected myself grand master, or Abbot of the Skull, a " grand heraldic title.
God is far from accepting that aguish piety which works itself up into a warm fit of devotion every seventh day, and then contentedly shivers and freezes the other six.
and what does he want to exchange his hops for?
into any analysis, or indeed any detailed account of this work it is no part of our plan to enter.
Several times I opened my lips to speak, but my perplexity continued, and suitable words refused to suggest themselves.
The moral of the story is more striking and impressive, coming from a female--a lady, who by birth and rank was probably the least prepared to encounter dangers fit only for the professional soldier.
Bertocci Prayer is thy need, not mine; yet O, believe me Some damned villain has deluded thee.
As he approached he was received with the usual challenge: " Qui vive? "
Come, get up, and let the young lady have your chair.
Whereupon the chief judge, turning toward him, asked him what hindered these poor people from giving their testimony.
He ascended the dome of the State House, and says the view from it is the finest in America.
A stormy council at length broke up, with the decision, that they could not, consistently with a treaty, which they had lately ratified with the neighboring provinces, render him assistance in their public capacity; neither did they feel authorized to prevent any private individuals from enlisting in his service, either on his offer of reward, or from more disinterested motives . "
The body was placed in the choir, and at the head were arranged, on chairs, the chief mourners and executors.
Knowledge then, (my hearers will forgive the reiteration ,) is compounded of things known.
Sparta was little better than a well regulated camp; and Rome was never sated of carnage and conquest.
T. P. He who has not seen Seville, has not seen a wonder.
You have remarked the thoughtfulness of his brow--the intolerable brightness of his eyes.
These are injunctions, said I, that will hardly meet with compliance, unless, indeed, they were imposed by the lady herself.
Were it only in our power to enlighten part of the rising generation, and should the interests of the whole decide our choice of the portion, it were the females, and not the males, we should select.
sit down again, we will talk of this another time.
She is always receiving impulses from surrounding objects; and if the impetus is violent, it is two-fold; for it gives the tendency to rebound to the other extreme.
Let us try to lift up as many of our fellow beings as we can to this, or any other exalted moral standard.
Count Almeyda Impossible; those kind of people are not to be silenced.
The princes of Persia congratulated themselves upon the favour of Ahasuerus; but how much greater reason have Christians to rejoice in the friendship of Christ!
Jake No, sir, I dreamed, I did, I dreamed that you choaked yourself eating roast potatoes, skins and all, master, because you had no cider to wash them down, (Starts off and laughs . )
Under this provision, and that of a subsequent act, there are now four distinct boards of examiners, elected annually by the counsellors, and of course subject to the same regulations.
If the foregoing remarks are true of the publication of law reports generally, with what peculiar force do they apply to those of the national courts of the United States?
" A friend; one come, not to injure, but to save you; fear nothing . "
Antonia Not so fast; I had not yet conversed with him, nor knew The riches of his mind.
Do you know ,' said I, almost choking, with the thought of Archibald's escape; and Copely's too--I may say, for, had he wrought Archibald's doom, I should have slain him, I am sure.
with every sail set, and every colour flying, to the very bottom of the ocean, in such a wind, than to float along the wide, beautiful water, like a tame, lifeless animal.
My dear Miss Campbell, I really wonder at you . "
Craig had been so indiscreet as to preserve this accusing record, and it was discovered in this depository.
This is a circumstance of great moment in this argument, because it was by reprisals, that the suffering merchants might have had the opportunity of indemnifying themselves.
I shall treat you as well as I am able, till we know each other.
* I plead not for myself; I plead for you; I plead for the churches; I plead for the peace of Zion; I plead for Christ.
There end thy joys, and vanish'd into air Thy fancied raptures and thy fruitless care; Broke is the league, and thrice tremendous roars The warning thunder on th' infernal shores.
But it was not the chivalry of Spain alone which thronged the streets of Cordova.
I now think it proper to mention the grounds of my present encouragement, under the apprehension of shortly appearing before my God and Redeemer.
No display of a scene like this could be chargeable with redundancy or superfluity.
This movement, however, was soon discovered by De Villiers, who seizing on a favourable position, by which this detachment, he knew, must pass, met it there, and cut every man of it off, without on his side, losing a single soldier.
For those, who happen to have much paper money on hand, will profit by this measure without knowing how or why, and those who have none, but are to procure it for payment of debts contracted when the money was at a lower rate, must lose.
; required its strength, when its breadth is increased to 2.68?
The war-horse, urged in his rapid flight over the flinty soil, cut his hoofs to pieces; or entangled amidst the overflowings of Kishon, pranced, and foamed, and perished.
Our reason re-establishes her dominion: and we distrust our very senses, rather than believe.
What was our surprise, when the persons to whom we were addressed, recommended to us the strictest circumspection as a necessary rule of conduct, without giving any further explanation!
It is gratifying to know, however, that the civil duties, assumed by military men, have been so far discharged with great propriety, and apparent disinterestedness.
And so it appeared to me ,' said Clinton, it was a d--d dangerous affair though--a pretty diagram might be made of it--. '
( Exeunt Corporal and guard with the prisoners . )
Resolved, through divine grace, to be more concerned for the prosperity of Zion, and to improve my time more diligently than I have ever done . "
But in this instance the resemblance of names and incidents is too minute to be other than intentional.
I proceeded to search out the house to which Estwick had directed me, as the abode of Thetford.
' She has been a succourer of many, and of myself also . '
The ability of a country to pay taxes, must always be proportioned, in a great degree, to the quantity of money in circulation and to the celerity with which it circulates.
In time of festival, our convent was often crowded with the gentry of Barcelona.
It is at any rate far less probable, that this should be the case, than that such views should taint the resolutions and conduct of a bare majority.
But his early reading beyond the walks of the common law does not seem to have been very extensive; and he manifests on many occasions a desire to bring down the maritime doctrines to the standard of the common law, rather than to give to the latter the expansion of universal jurispru* dence.
The confusion with which I returned an answer to this, did not escape him.
Let him go and worship till he rots, if he pleases; but for you, my dame, I would advise you rather to go to sleep.
1-2 cents, was 83 per cent; this was in addition to the cost of importation.
The provision would have been greatly improved, however, by fixing a maximum, beyond which the number could not in any event go.
But even here, many slight alterations tending to the promotion of uniformity might easily be adopted.
Speaking of Fox a day or two previous, he said , 1 wish his constituents would give him three thousand pounds a year, and keep him out of office ;' and of Lord Shelburne he held the same tone.
It shall be done, and you shall have leisure to examine my commission: But dogs " continued he, changing the ironical tone in which he had spoken to one loud and fierce, " it shall be in the dank dungeon; fools, that ye are--what think ye of me, that ye beard me thus, that ye brave me as it were in the very pitch of my power?
He says , 4 It seems exactly to coincide with the conduct of the Hebrew witnesses even now on the like occasions . "
Here O'Halloran and MCauley arranged the plan of an attack upon the barrack, the other leaders having gone off to head the insurrection in different parts of the country.
fair queen of tender joys, And meekly-smiling love.
Barrymore looked, and his heart swelled with joy to behold a number of as healthy, honest and happy human countenances, as any family group in Christendom could exhibit.
That you faithfully adhere, in spirit to the world, that you live for it, to-day, and to-morrow, and each ensuing day, and wherever you may be, seems as much of course as that bodily you walk on its surface.
It may, possibly, consist in an unusual flexibility or extension of the bottom of the tongue and the uvula.
I should then have some kind of principle by which to regulate my conduct; I should then know on what foundation to build.
Heyward began to grow impatient, and turned his eyes anxiously in the direction of Chingachgook.
Let Him remove the restraints of his grace from any man, and that man is undone . '
I was caressing it last night, when your old acquaintance Sir Harry Mainwaring, came in.
The raising of a ladder, one foot being fixed against a support, is an instance of this kind.
In passing onward the party met several Indians on the shore, who were in a starving condition.
Prescott flourished his sword, till it cast a gleam like lightning among us; and Putnam's voice thundered hoarsely, " Remember Lexington . "
Amelia For heaven's sake tell me in prose.
I have only one question more to ask; if Colonel Fitzherbert were again free, would you marry him? "
* " Neither are we to believe (says he) that he who first injures another " begins by that an offensive war and that the other who demands the " satisfaction for the injury received, is always on the defensive.
I ended by saying, that she " might depend on their being published.
* " * * * Human sufferings are never beheld for the first time but with aversion, terror, and disgust.
Let us endeavour to cherish, not only the evidences of truth, but truth itself in our afflictions, and in room of being idlers in the markets, go early into our Lord's vineyard trusting the words of him who saith; " whatsoever is right, ye shall receive . "
and a fire, Prone, to the centre of the trembling ball, Insatiate, fruitful, there had lighted up!
My father was not able to do any labor--it was in the month of July, when the farmer has, necessarily, so much business on his hands, and yet I am persuaded there was not one self-interested motive, excepting his fears of the danger to which I would be exposed, that caused his hesitation.
Is that barber in a fair way to realize the summu*n bonum, who intentionally hacks the chins of the public with dull and wretched razors, or burns their ears with his curling tongs, on purpose to deter as many of them as he can from coming into his shop?
non aveva fatto male, anche ad un cane . '
Infinite pains have I taken to conceal from him a storm which I thought could be easily averted; which his knowledge of it would only render more difficult to resist, but my cursed folly, by saying more than I intended to you, has blasted my designs.
but more in prayer--As if some child, that he would bless, were there: Convulsive--sudden--grasping!
The constitution itself may be seen in the journal // of the second provincial Congress ol' South Carolina, printed immediately after the session.
No, brother--it shines with the most innocent and spotless lustre--a liquid brightness . '
Besides, Hardy had disappeared the night before his intended departure for the army--and--yes, it was too plain!
This prayer demands neither method, nor science, nor reasoning; it is not necessary to quit one's employment ;.
Ravensworth The subtle power she serves does not withhold The aid of sophistry.
The sons of darkness always put on the form of the sons of light.
To the Governor's inquiry of " who are you, friend? "
exclaimed many of the Council, " they had best be heard . "
Major Fairfield is now in pursuit of the flying enemy, and is like myself, unhurt.
Young as I am--beautiful as they say that I am--passionate and tender, as you know me to be--that--even that--will have no weight with me.
Advance the standard in the army's front; let every soldier see the unfledged bird, that tore from foreign eagles victory's wreath.
How oft has sin and Satan strove To draw my heart from him I love.
His conceptions were ardent but ludicrous, and his memory, aided, as he honestly acknowledged, by his invention, was an inexhaustible fund of entertainment.
I have helped to delude you, my gallant and good cousin; you, whom I so love--but, no, no; I will not weep.
It is then our business to keep up the patient's heart.
Still he was simply a man, who taught his disciples, and deluded credulous people, as did Orpheus, Confucius, Brahma.
It has snatched the prisoner from the stake, when the fire was scorching his vitals.
" But where, and when, did you receive the first impulse to your strange and contradictory character?
/z/' Language is indeed a means of thinking, as well as of communicating thoughts; still, we have both thoughts and feelings before we have words.
The general result of the information conveyed by the entertaining little work before us, seems to be, that the fine province of Paraguay is now laboring under a most ruthless and sanguinary system of oppression; and that the spirits of the people are so completely crushed, that there is but little chance of their obtaining relief by their own unassisted exertions.
My youth and loneliness interested her husband's benevolent heart: he invited me to accompany his wife to the south, and promised, if I became dissatisfied with my home in his family, to obtain for me among his rich neighbours an agreeable situation as teacher . "
It is introducing the division of labor where it may be employed to as much advantage as in any of the manual arts.
But a resolution, fatal in its consequences, was unanimously adopted by this assembly: namely, to defend the town to the utmost extremity.
I pass over the constitutions of Rhode Island and Connecticut, because they were formed prior to the revolution; and even before the principle under examination had become an object of political attention.
Faith shall triumph over fear, and the sword shall follow and fulfil prophetic inspirations . "
are ye sons of sires so great, Immortal in the fields of fate, Who braved all deaths, by land or sea, Who bled, who conquer'd, to be free?
A brig just arrived in the outer harbor ,' began Mrs. Melmoth, reports, that on the morning of the 25th ult. '
ik ish ash der Y--dat ish vrozen.
Nothing here said is intended to convey the slightest censure on the conduct of that state.
But the poet does not seem to have had this distinction in view; and indeed upon this definition, the character of romantic is inseparable from all modern works of art, and belongs of course to the other tragedies of Schiller as well as to this . '
now I depart To spend my hours in prayer :--But first require A private interview with noble Marmion.
Alonzo Words are too poor to express our gratitude: (to Trevasi) how fares it now, signior?
Her equity was perfectly unfettered, and she decided in a way contrary to his inclination, with as little scruple as if the benefits had been received, not by herself, but by him.
To exert himself in the assembly for this purpose, while, with equal zeal, he labored to gain others to interest and alliance, as Byzantium, Abydos, and Eubcea?
or if I were ,' said she, meekly, I could sleep here forever! '
I then placed it in a leathern case, which, for greater security, was deposited in the centre of my bundle.
Pacomo (snuffing up) Let us enter here, sir: my nose informs me this is the wine-cellar.
Do not strike her again "--said Hammond--" do not.
And when you and my young companions meet, pray remember, that in spirit I am with you . '
But we must see whether the good codger within, has any hospitality for honest soldiers, as well as for deserters.
" Not at your reproaches--but at my own, " she replied--looking up in my face, in her sweet way . "
Very; I have never heard you guilty of any thing that resembled it . '
He proceeded to say, That his majesty had a legal right to appoint whom he pleased, and even to continue those he had appointed to be his ministers, in opposition to the sentiments of this house, he pretended not to dispute.
Her knowledge, her taste, her wealth, were all rendered subservient to the great cause.
He formed his troops in two divisions; the first composed of militia, under the conduct of colonel Pickens, occupied the front of a wood, in view of the enemy; the second, commanded by colonel Howard, was concealed in the wood itself, and consisted of his marksmen and old continental troops.
" I can't say, my dear, for the inquisition of the young ladies was suddenly interrupted by Mrs. Harris, a relation and dependant of the Osmer family, who rests her fame on her patrician blood, and who, therefore, had another, though perhaps not quite as absurd a criterion by which she would graduate your rank; pray ,' she said, Mrs. Westall, can you tell me the maiden name of Miss Bruce's mother?
Is it by this thought that I regulate my life?
We are here joined by a new bevy of characters, some enlisted during the war, others only for this short campaign at Garrett Park.
We have examined, also, some of the errors vulgarly entertained on the subject, and many of the impediments which now obstruct our advances in the road of improvement.
Emily would only have to drop her handkerchief, which the stranger might pick up and present with a graceful bow, that she must repay with a sweet smile, and then some tender exclamation, or abrupt compliment from him, and their destiny to live and love forever ,' would be at once palpable to every reader.
Ten years had elapsed, and no child was born.
which he immediately conjectured to be the voice of Peg Dornan . "
Had my present thoughts been seasonably suggested, I might long since have been restored to the embraces of my friend, without the necessity of an hour's separation from my husband.
As his deportment was sober and honest, and his intentions harmless, he was always treated, by Constantia, with politeness, though his entrance always produced a momentary depression of her spirits.
Taxation for schools being infrequent, must be borne with impatience; and if some school societies increase the school money by a tax, the practice is gradually discontinued, and will soon entirely cease.
Attempts to bribe or to intimidate them constitute offences against the public.
Or the Dolphin of France, or Clam of Tartary ,' said Nell, cutting in, with her eyes dancing in their sockets.
I am safe, and thou shalt be protected.
Edward Well, so be it, I can say no more; for me, my resolution is taken, never to raise an arm against the country that contains my Matilda; therefore, I remain neutral.
Yes--the law has been the death of many such a fellow--and by confinement too--Ed.
The position assumed in the beginnin gis, that there is no class in the community so entirely occupied with labor, as not to have an hour or two every other day at least, to bestow upon the pleasure and improvement to be derived from reading; or so poor, as not to have the means of contributing somethin0 towards purchasing this gratification . '
A part of the money is found upon him--he is seen in company with Hutton, before and after the murder.
My act would be a mere submission to humiliating and painful necessity.
Nothing is more absolute than the empire of the soul over the body.
.... 109 .... 16 .... after both, read of.
A high railing ran, rough and irregular, along the bank, just even with our breast.
The canal of Languedoc is no less the admiration of Europe, than the glory of the reign of Louis XIV; yet in its length, the magnitude of the interests it unites, the amount of commerce it bears upon it, it cannot enter into a comparison with the great western canal.
While I recommend such a proficiency in those languages as I have mentioned, I do not wish to be understood as conceiving it either important or essential, that you should be profoundly and critically versed in their different idioms and various metres, or be able to write them with fluency.
The invasion of Caiiada was undertaken in pursuance of open hostilities already commenced by the British; and it is a subtlety invented *irice the plain days of our fathers to call every attack on a // declared enemy offensive, and to make defensive war consist in avoiding blows without ever attempting to strike one, according to which interpretation the only legitimate mode of defence is to stand still and be beaten, or to run away.
Encouraged thus, I sought its latent seeds; Seized opportunities to draw the chase Into the bosom of the hills, and spent Nights in their hospitable, happy cots.
Your mama has been before me, ira suggesting that most useful proverb, reculer pour rnieux sauter, useful to all, but to the ardent, necessary.
Zenocles will fly with you to Epirus, where you will await my--He.
An indispensable condition for obtaining happiness, is to shut the soul against ambition.
Every joyous and tender scene most dear to my memory, is connected with this edifice.
This was, as nearly as I can relate it, dear Sarah, the substance of our conversation.
Did thee never hear him speak of a brother he had, by the name of Thomas, who went to sea when a lad? "
On the other hand, supposing the doctrine of free ships free goods not to have been the law in 1780, in what manner has it become so?
Welbeck had placed the book in his collection, purposing sometime to peruse it; but deterred by anxieties, which the perusal would have dissipated, he rushed to desperation and suicide, from which some evanescent contingency, by unfolding this treasure to his view, would have effectually rescued him.
Marcello You answer strangely To what I ask you of this rude detainment.
To this last peaceful period of his life his thoughts naturally recurred, and dwelt on the only friendship with which his days had been sweetened.
And during that period, it will re* main an unproductive fund, unless the proposition submitted by Colonel Benton to the Senate of the United States should he adopted.
or W - were asso " ciates to my taste.
And it was in these several aspects and relations that the deceased contemplated it with such intense and glowing delight, and that his intellect proved competent to fathom its profundity, resolve its intricacies, and compass, in discussion, the immensity of its extent.
Then 1.5 : 1130.9: : 150 : 113090 lbs.
Why tell the Delawares of good that is past?
On his march he had nothing to impede him but a few bridges broken down.
my mother' sarms dropped--and she stood for a moment, as if the spectre of my father had started up, all at once, before her.
" As you please, " said Washington; " but if the day be suitable for travelling, we must not occupy much of it in amusement . "
He seems quite to forget, that when our progenitors left his shores, they left it with the same refinements that he himself had, or, to use the language of our author, that though our country is new, yet its civilization is old . '
An inscrutable Providence has fashioned thee for some end.
We might almost apply, without parody, the words of Gray to them; Some village Hampden, with his dauntless breast, * * * * * * Some mute inglorious Milton here may rest, Some Cromwell, guiltless of his country's blood.
I thank him, he's my steward, And takes the trouble off my hands.
Excuse me for confining myself, at present, to these inquiries.
Every other organ and limb was useless to me.
His words are remarkable: " O Lord God of my master Abraham, I pray thee send me good speed this day, and show kindness unto my master Abraham.
Prince Mentzikoff The prince, my liege, may yet be innocent: At least, not guilty to th' extent suppos'd.
He continued to reside at Jena till 1799, when he removed to Weimar, and fixed his abode there for the rest of his life.
A moderate and favourable breeze sprung up from the north-west, and filling their sails, soon blew them from the land.
A real national feeling did not show itself, particularly in Prussia, till the war, justly called the war of freedoer (not altogether of civil liberty, as theorists and speculators might wish ,--but of political freedom, or more properly of independence).
However, a work which has engaged the most serious attention, and powerfully operated on the character, of multitudes, and will do so of multitudes more, can afford to incur your passing glance and expressions of disdain.
There is now no hope of escaping; but I might yet reach home undiscovered . '
Perhaps to beguile the moments of my long protracted stay, they had gone to walk upon the bank.
ascertained when we are doubtful, or greatly at a loss about it; - and the matter in question is, notwithstanding, highly important to oui future welfare.
The importance attached to opinions and formal observances of days and ceremonies by all Christian sects, is truly surprising, when we consider that Jesus, so far as tradition informs us, never wrote a line, never framed a creed, condemned all prayers in public, and taught his disciples to " love one another, " which was as much as to say never discuss opinions.
If this offer be accepted, I shall not only hold myself everlastingly obliged to you, but I shall grant you a higher place in my esteem.
If you have any just conception of the nature of religion, while you are resolving that your life shall sometime assume that character, you are resolving it shall then be service to God.
At another time, this circumstance would not have looked with a face of mystery.
He never introduced the subject into conversation, and listened with a silent and half-serious smile to the satirical effusions of Pleyel.
There are few tenants of this globe, to whom wealth is wholly undesirable, and very few whose actual poverty, whose indolent habits, and whose relish for expensive pleasure, make it more desirable than to me.
That would indeed be a mark of distrust unworthy of you and of myself.
In the first case, he would have to corrupt a smaller--in the last, a greater number.
Of that vile habit which I have mentioned to you, she has given her decided opinion at last, in a manner worthy of her.
Col. Washington having gained his point of attack, and taken two hundred prisoners, was confident of victory; but seeing the retreat, he paroled the officers on the field, and relinquished all the prisoners but fifty.
Thus having made the final arrangement, we determined to sit by the fire and enjoy ourselves until it was time to dress.
So long as man is supremely bent on his own interests, his morality must be defective.
" Give me my spectacles--I'll do it myself, " said Mrs. Wilson . "
D. Madam Dorival As yet, you know nothing.
We cannot refrain from presenting to our readers the following extract from this chapter.
Thus: if a friend, or, more particularly, if several friends, of tried veracity and approved judgment, relate to us a circumstance of which they declare themselves to have been attentive spectators our belief is of the highest kind.
Having finished our dinner, the Commodore thus addressed me and Jinkins--" Tell'ee what thee do boys, if' baint too tired ,' wants to go to the Eliza, (name of the vessel) and tell'ee what' wants thee to go for . "
No man should fear to tell his king the truth: Much less then we, the ramparts of our fellow-men.
The officer stepped forward and inclined his head ,--every hat was off, and every eye on him . "
In the rear of this warlike pageant followed a peaceful band intent upon profiting by the anticipated victories.
I have heard that the servants were quite melted by his grief and I do not doubt it in the least, for he was always celebrated for his skill in private theatricals.
That Mr Holley could consent to leave so brilliant a sphere, and one to which he was so peculiarly adapted, as that which he filled in the metropolis of New England, unless his fancy and his hopes painted still brighter scenes in the West, is hard to be understood.
It must depend upon yourself, whether you shall meet him in a few days or never . '
Nor did he pass a single evening out of the college walls.
Dr. Wellesley, with the other canons, and the whole choir, then came under the dome, and the pall-bearers, chief mourners, and executors, stood by them.
" I shall not long trouble you with it, " he replied . "
I thought just then, that I was upon the Delaware again--that I saw a horse, drowning, in the black water--the body of Clinton, entangled in the trapping.
Tomorrow, accordingly, my friend resumed her story.
To ascertain the existence and condition of Wallace was the purpose of my journey.
Or eyed yon star Kindle her cresset in the glowing West, And wished her placid bowers had been my birthplace!
The real scarcity of objects in this country, which may be considered as productive sources of revenue, is a reason peculiar to itself, for not abridging the discretion of the national councils in this respect.
If he loved, it was probable that in defiance of his vows, he would seek a different companion.
Gradually my pains subsided and I fell into a deep sleep.
The observant mother spake with gentle voice Somewhat of soft excuse ,--that they were wont To linger long amid the Prophet's school, Learning the holy Law their father loved.
But I long felt it, although I knew it not.
This certainly cannot be the case, for New-York is much nearer to Virginia, than we are to some of the manufacturing states, and New England generally, can communicate with the Carolines, much sooner and at less expense than with Ohio, or many parts of Pennsylvania and New-York; yet no one will deny the advantages we derive from their agricultural productions.
Edmund, his brother, was, in early life, a representative of Braintree, afterwards member of the Council, and Judge of the Superior Court of Judicature, from 1718 to his death, in 1738.
We say, " What a large estate does that distinguished personage possess! "
Teach her to prize beyond all Ophir's gold Truths which the bible only can unfold, Disclose those mysteries of a future state, Philosophy can ne'er investigate; In reason's dawn that sacred light display, That emanation of eternal day, Which, lacking erst, the best of heathen were Children of darkness, pupils of despair.
They were all securely tied by both their arms and legs, and a sufficient guard of Indians stationed round the wigwam, to render their escape impossible.
A minister by the name of Ashley, called on an old deacon, with whom he was living, being on his way from a mission among the Indians iu the west, where he had been a considerable time.
In short, the country will be permanently taxed a sum amounting to all the difference of the cost of producing an article in this country and bringing it from abroad.
The poor Cat-bird, therefore, is generally shot without mercy, whenever he intrudes into a garden, while the strange and unjust prejudice of the schoolboy shows him as little mercy in the humble thicket, where he builds his nest.
Say, has my uncle yet passed sentence on these unhappy captives?
I endeavoured to reassure her; and was mortally afraid that some of the family might enter; and, what would be thought?
But I've done with him; The rest must be with you.
My days have been to suff'ring given, Unknown my sorrows, save to heaven, Since wealth and freedom lost; An exile from my native land, A captive to the robber band, I roam'd Arabia's coast.
For instance, a square upright of 6 inches, in a partition, will not be, at farthest, more than one third as stiff, as one of 4 inches by 9.
To make Susan Hadwin my wife, was the scope of all my wishes and labors.
The great claim of delineations of this kind, consists in their striking truth; or in their novelty, their originality.
Some of these will be immediately restored, and others established ane*v.
Some part of the way is rather wet, but since I've been able through your help to get such a pair of strong shoes, I don't mind any sort of walking.
Not only was he willing tn have his failings treated with severity, he was even grateful for it.
Dancing is the most common recreation in America, where the passion for this diversion seems to be even as strong as in France.
Here we learn that the ten tribes had, during the long dispersion of the Jews, been utterly out of their sight and knowl edge, as their brethren.
The marques of Cadiz, a warrior as wise as he was valiant, remonstrated against employing so small a force, and indeed was opposed to the measure altogether, as being undertaken precipitately and without sufficient preparation.
We do not think that such attempts have heretofore been eminently successful; or that narrative sermons are of a nature to be particularly interesting.
Let me sever myself from myself, and judge impartially.
Take a tame duck or goose, with a string by the leg, where wild geese or ducks come, and strew in that place such seed or grain soaked in lees of wine; where also white hellebore is boiled, you may take forty at a time; it will quickly make them drunk: let not the tied goose or duck come to the seed.
A motion was made in the lower House of Congress to reinstate the word, but lost --' Only seventeen votes in the affirmative.
Smith's History of New-York, p. 24, Lond.
No single-lady, who approached the frontier of desperation, could presume to curtail a year from the fearful calendar, if Flora were near to bring her back to the correct computation of her own date.
Marcel In that case, then, go to my lodge . '
these words " I do solemnly swear, that I will faithfully execute the office of President of the United States; and will, to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States . "
A cordial intimacy grew between me and the newly arrived.
It is evident, therefore, that if the executive has a right to reject a public minister, it must be founded on some other consideration than a change in the government, or the newness of the government; and consequently a right to refuse to acknowledge a new government cannot be implied by the right to refuse a public minister.
In one, to which we are apt more frequently to look than any other, the ancient usage has melted away, and the members of parliament now receive no compensation for their attendance.
After a while, the doctor, turning his eyes that way, saw him again, as if for the I*rst time, and said, " What do you want, Scip? "
Adeline Not yet, do not pronounce it yet.
I shall take it kind, if you will write me at your earliest conveniency, stating any particulars relative to our dear departed friend; as also how you are supported under your heavy affliction . "
There was nothing, however, but its duration that rendered it remarkable.
He quickly disengaged himself from my arms, and withdrawing a few paces, gazed upon me as on one whom he had never before seen.
He desired a patient audience while he explained them to me.
Harold had the constitution of a hero; young as he was, it could be seen.
" I thought not, " said Mrs. Sackville, who was struck with the extreme neatness of the woman's appearance, which presented a striking contrast to all the Irish, even to our friend Biddy.
** On the 5th of this month , 1 embarked with Mr Hough and family for Bengal, having previously disposed of what I could not take with me.
After a long and wearisome voyage, " says he, " we gladly welcomed the peninsula of Shawmut, which, as it lay stretched out in the distance, proclaimed the vicinity of Naumkeak.
Let me be her agent: I'll purchase the American before spoken of, and you will then have it in your power to alleviate the afflictions of an unhappy man.
Mrs Clifford For this plain reason :--you have been desperately in love, some four or five days, and yet are apparently in as good mental and bodily health as you were before you received your wound.
On this point a single remark only needs here be made.
The elopement of his daughter--the death of his son.
James Trevors Speak quick; be plain; where?
Winter diminishes the visible displays of authority, while it gathers popular elements together under circumstances favorable to a sense of unity and common aim.
Not a single movement of the index appeared to escape his notice.
" Happy are those who think so, " replied Mr. Redwood, with an equivocal smile, which indicated that his respect for Ellen alone prevented him from saying, that such a nostrum might do for an old woman, but had no efficacy for more enlightened subjects . '
Why, not exactly, Eustace, " he answered; " though I confess I think it rather a strange request to make just at this time . "
Considerable altercation ensued, concerning who should inform Mr. Conant.
His manner was solemn; and mine, I fear, rather arrogant; still, there was something mysterious, I thought, in his deportment, which justified me, in a measure.
Adelaide I thank you for your intelligence; and give you this in return--Let your nephew come when he will, he shall never be my husband.
Nature leaves us, as soon as we leave nature, in this case, and put our calm, taciturn son of the desert into the attitudes of civilized life.
For the first ten miles the country was very poor and badly timbered, with barren stony hills; but from the last mentioned stream to our halting-place, at the end of twelve miles, though the land was hilly the soil was excellent, consisting of a rich, dark mould.
The medical students were more than one fourth part of the whole number.
Peter And they did send you out of the house.
That these reductions referred to, diminish the cost of woollen manufactures in England 162-3 per cent.
There is one work, to be sure, said to be by Mr: Allen, the poet, of which--no, I cannot permit myself to believe such a story; and, I will not repeat it, except to say that it was built by the job.
No one spoke to him, nor did he speak, till his attention was arrested by poor Anne, who had shrunk away froni the side of the bed, and sat on a low chair at its foot, enveloped in *er shawl, and sobbing aloud apparently unconscious that any one saw or heard her . "
Yes--than to lie down on the softest bed, in the city'--he continued.
With no rival to dispute his authority, his remaining life was passed in tranquillity; the colony, relieved from strife and contention, began to flourish, and his descendants for many years enjoyed their inheritance unmolested.
