The story of the wreck of the White Steamer on the rocks under the derrick remained untold.
The question was absurd in her mind, and yet the fact that she had expected him, that she so WANTED him, was so illogical and incongruous and vividly true that it raised her to a sitting posture on the log, and she ran her fingers over her forehead and down her dazed face until her chin was in the hollow of her hand, and her startled eyes were fixed unwaveringly on the running water and yet not seeing it at all.
Sommers, who had regained his good sense; tried to make his apologies to Miss Hitchcock . "
But, no doubt, you take no interest in such reckonings? "
" Upon my word, if I caught him misbehaving nowadays, I believe I should hesitate to remonstrate with him.
One feels that, however well he has builded, he builded no better than he knew.
( Majestically and, as it were, officially, to the company . )
one of those fellows who had these rooms? "
Rumors of some Radical t*meu/e would be noised abroad.
Come in, and don't waste all that noise . "
You feed them, and clothe them, and all that.
come the order of the day when men' minds were agitated by Darwinism and biblical criticism, and by the advent of great political and social questions.
and on, as a submerged channel 41 miles, into the bay of Panama.
The policeman was right, " he said to himself, at last . "
" If it is that you die--the rain or the no rain makes no change--you die! "
T was almost summer before there came an answer to his letter.
As reverently as if at the altar, she faced and answered her father.
When my father took you from the lodges and brought you here, it was the end of the Indian life.
But Ennis and Mayhew came at him a second time, with a second question: Could he tell them anything of Mr. and Mrs. Osborn, Osborn being a conductor and Mrs. Osborn Dora's friend of whom previous mention is made?
The greatest by an eleven-yearold girl, who gained nine pounds.
A single soldier may have all the will and purpose to whip an army, but he doesn't do it.
Baron Friedrich Johann Ludwig--and a half-dozen more--von Rittenheim was a good deal to compass.
I insisted that the sittings take place here and that we be present.
While Joe was trying to make up his mind, Caven chanced to glance up and his eyes fell upon our hero.
Personally I am of the opinion that the United States is in need of a more efficient government.
XVIII I STATE MY VIEWS ON TAXATION Of the many friends who hastened to congratulate us when they heard that we had acquired a home, none was more delighted than Gamlin Harland.
Mr. Ropes's treatment of this matter leaves little to be desired.
" And which do you think it is? "
I wish they would, " responded Will heartily . "
exclaimed Aunt Hester, hastily, " you mistake me.
When it shall have done this it will have fulfilled its mission.
I' d much rather have had just a little ring, with a solitary diamond in it . "
I was just thinking the same thing that you have expressed.
This policy is sometimes called retaliation, and sometimes patriotism, and sometimes simply defence.
GERALDINE LANG I don't feel at all like bridge to-day.
I ain't goin' back to no seminary to be laughed at' cause I don't know beans . "
Then he had to stoop over, so that Dave could tomahawk him easily, and he did not see anything more, but Jake yelled from the barn: " Oh, you got that fellow with you, have you?
It was not alone Molly Travis who pulled on gum boots, mackintosh, and straps; for the phantom hands of ten thousand forbears drew tight the buckles, just so as they squared her jaw and set her eyes with determination.
The work of Lee among his college boys at Lexington, during the last'years of his life, was a lesson of this sort that many a Northern man has laid to heart with pathetic and tender interest.
At the same time, the " Prince " Gregoriev, together with a piece of gold, did serve to cut many yards from the red tape that impedes all progress in Russia.
" Monsieur, do not throw away your future on an unconsidered move . "
I kin git Virginny leaf widouten runnin' ' mong de spooks after it.
In October, the snails having become fat through the summer, retire into their shells, the mouths of which they close with a thin gelatinous covering.
Collier was saying--" what's the use of a yacht, when you can go to sleep in a wagon- lit at the Gare du Nord, and wake up at Vladivostok?
Pausing for breath once he saw the dark fringe of trees below the lava slopes, the twinkle of the camp fires, and over all the clear stars.
Oh you cunning old thing, " said Randy with a laugh . "
( Comes down) ESTELLE You look tired, Doctor Bradford; it was unspeakably selfish in me to take your room from you.
for oats; whereas, in the five years ended with 1906, they were 2Ss.
One of the earliest attempts to make a variant pressure transmitter is shown in the instrument invented by Emile Berliner in 1877.
The things he had done came and sat on him, and they were hot, like coals, and the heat went through to his heart and burned it.
Cousin Nathaniel declared that many of the tools belonged to him, until Joseph pointed to the J with which all the things were marked for the sake of order.
So she waited, with anxious heart, till the next morning, when Cephalus went to hunt as usual.
Turkeys care nothing about you, " he retorted . "
The judging of the worth of statements, as a fourth factor in study The scientist in charge of the above-mentioned investigation was, no doubt, a modest man.
Spanish painting started into life concurrently with the rise to prominence of Spain as a political kingdom.
After the ready welcome that it received, and the good it has accomplished and is doing, it follows naturally that some one should be inspired to write a book to interpret the life of a dog to the humane feeling of the world.
To Houston, Lyle seemed much less mature than Miss Gladden, and though he had been quick to observe the added charm in her manner that evening, still she seemed to him little more than a child.
undoubtedly the most disinterested and enthusiastic of all his admirers?
( At the anvil, she begins to weld the iron rib onto the framework . )
Bess held Ikey's hand tightly as they followed the others along the hall.
Every now and then he stopped, snapped open his watch and shut it again quickly, as if to hurry the lagging minutes.
It was Mr. Flint's head clerk, Simon Rich, who had been absent when Andy made his first call . "
( Enter WILKINS door up R. C.) Walking there with the lady.
( Bell rings and effect of car going away . )
Peanuts: Culture and Uses, " by R. B.
Nevertheless, among his followers there were controversial spirits who never doubted that they were right, however much they might question his ecclesiastical methods and views.
One stooped with the light, and said immediately: " It is he--Demedes! "
The great Chautauqua system for home education and reading is a sign of the same interest.
I wonder, now, if somebody has been there and stolen them? "
The first sight of it in the distance smote him with a pain so sharp that a groan escaped his lips, as from a reopened wound.
All these men were to meet again at the same place under very different conditions to conduct one of the most famous trials in American history, but for the time being all professional and political differences were merged in their loyalty to the Virginia bar, whose dignity and influence bade fair to be seriously affected in the trial of James Thompson Callender for seditious libel against the President of the United States.
Secure in the possession of a good tailor and an equally good digestion, he was willing to await the leisurely course of events . "
You can hardly realize how good he has been, Joan, " he continued . "
You'll allow Miss McFlimsey her diamonds to wear; You'll permit the Van Dams at the waiters to swear; You'll allow Miss Dcollet to flirt on the stair; But as to an Israelite--pray have a care; For, between me and you, Though the doctrine is new, There' s a business distinction' Twixt Ebrew and Jew . "
His position on the High Hills of Santec was, by an air line, distant only sixteen miles from the British army.
My friends were residents of Boston, or of places still more remote from my new home, and South Boston was then, as it has continued to be, a distinctly unfashionable suburb.
Thus Zoraida knows what goes forward in her own house, " said Zoraida, speaking for the first time.
The boy slapped the last litter off his hands, and, as he came to the window, shook his head . "
If you were quite free to go on with your beautiful work, " said Mr. Eltwood slowly, " if you were offered heartiest appreciation, profound respect, as well as love, of course; would you object to marrying, Miss Bell? "
The queen, who was now able to speak, told the king why she had been dumb and had never laughed.
( All bow, the two cowboys very awkwardly, TEDDY with great gusto, and almost losing his balance again, saying as he recovers, " Ouch! "
So was a new treaty of peace and loyalty made with Arrowhead and his tribe by a woman without fear, whose life had seemed not worth a minute's purchase; and, as the sun went down, Arrowhead and his men went forth to make war upon Yellow Hawk beside the Nettigon River.
Under such circumstances the only way open to him of obviating the difficulties was to get himself adopted in the family of his wife's father.
scure points could be disposed of only by an expert corps of stenographers and typewriters.
XVI I know not if my Lord Culpeper had any inkling of what was about to happen.
Again the woman's eyes glittered as she asked: " How did they learn about me? "
He knew he could not tell of the horrible tissue of facts and circumstances that wound like a web about the girl he loved.
Stark was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment, Gibbon to five.
said of " The Faery Queen, " " The allegory will not bite you, " and if the work of art is beautiful, we can perhaps forgive the artist for having a meaning.
" There, Cousin Sophy, I'm forgetting that you are suffering now.
Congress, in January , 1776, directed the importation of $200, - - 000 worth of goods on public account, to be sold by the Indian commissioners to persons licensed to trade with the Indians, at cost and expenses and a commission of two and a half per cent.
The English are heavy, and the Anglaises move slowly, that's all.
To do more for him than this was impossible, and again she besought him to say how he was hurt.
And he came toward her again, stretching out his arms to her.
Never say sanaya is doing this or that, or to-day they speak so or so at the estufa.
She set the light upon a table, pulled a chair close to the bedside, and placed her cool hand lightly on the great lady's forehead . "
He hasn't any money, and he won't work.
He learned nothing by experience: he never knew when he was thrashed.
Yet glassy, the water reflected the tint of the cloud.
Wait ,' ' the comandante called after him.
Ay, mock--and yet, but for one man's sake, would I call in those outside and stand before them, crying :' Here is a villain whom I struck in madness--and he lies dead!
I have enjoyed being here and watching the dancers very much, and you know I could not join them even if my present position did not debar me, " she tremulously concluded . "
That such was the deliberate intention of the Steel Corporation, however, I do not believe: for I have faith in the philanthropic intentions of its chairman.
The drive over Rochester Mountain is one of precisely fifty attractive carriage journeys which may be made from Brandon to as many different places, or to a large number of points by fifty different routes.
I am very glad to hear you say so.
But the city being more lavishly provided with parks and open spaces than others of its size, the necessity for open-air life has not made itself felt as forcibly as in Berlin.
When it came to be understood that the acceptance of these bills had been made obligatory not for present indebtedness alone, but also for past pledges, even for those that had been incurred at gold values, the premium on gold rose rapidly and a corresponding increase in the prices of commodities followed.
Will you accept the vacant post of teacher of this school?
" I'll send you off all right, " Kent replied . "
I was careful to eat only nourishing food, and to have exercise and fresh air when I could get them.
These dolls-in-porcelain with petrified laces give such trivial air.
To Bettina, the " saint-lover, " as Malcom had dubbed her, the city gained an added interest from having been the home of St. Catherine of Siena, and the others shared in some degree her enthusiasm.
He settled the wrapped bottle carefully in the child's arms and escorted him to the corner.
Which Hoskins don't make his fences to conform to this yere rool none; leastwise they ain't hawg tight as is shown by one of Olson's hawgs . "
In general, it is not unfair to say that the South was as badly overmatched at the lyre as at the sword.
I was unarmed myself, and a man in your position would shoot deter-rmined to kill . "
The only man left to do it under present conditions is the party boss.
The affair was broken off at one time--Manvers went abroad.
I'm afraid you don't belong to the night, " said Wilson . "
Though he felt himself grown old, lie had come out to meet a hope he could not share, and it struck a subtle pain to his heart that the people should so trust him-should give him so royal a progress as he fared on his way to attempt an untried task.
Of the three principal peoples of Europe who settled the New World ,--the Spanish, the British, and the French ,--the Spanish made slaves of them and dealt with them with shocking cruelty, and the British were, in a different way, as unjust, and at times little less cruel.
I think the baby would like you very well for a grandpap, too.
I can tell in a minute if a fellow is one who is likely to get fresh . "
I go now, on foot, and unattended except for my friend the Ancient One.
The next day we learned that my husband's law library was burned.
At the words so strange, so inexplicable upon any theory of nature and common experience, the lamp shook in his hand.
A table and a bottle were first produced; Captain Pharo and Uncle Coffin began to nudge each other with choice anticipation of the advancing drama, when another onion, thrown with unerring vision, took the bottle and shattered it, with its contents, upon the stage floor, directly under our faces.
My stay at the Globe Asylum has done me a world of good.
she cried, in a repressed but startled tone . "
But to start at the very beginning--nay, with certain faults to unlearn--and expect to win fame on a fortune of two hundred and fifty roubles!
, the whole being property which had either been long in the Tresham family or endeared to it by special causes, and therefore left personally to Roland as the representative of the Treshams.
I don't intend to answer any more questions, " he said to himself; " and all that crowd is out there yet . "
She forgot her gold pieces lying on the table in front of her . "
Herein the longing of black men must have respect: the rich and bitter depth of their experience, the unknown treasures of their inner life, the strange rendings of nature they have seen, may give the world new points of view and make their loving, living, and doing precious to all human hearts.
Chadwick has done a vast amount of part-song writing.
A good many of them were still in their masks and dominos, though these, for the most part, removed their vizors before playing.
The inspector reported that it was bad, and told how it should be made good, and supposed that he had heard the last of it.
Some from lack of genius could not equal him, others took up nature with indecision, and others clung fondly to the gold-embossed ornaments and gilded halos of the past.
A monthly review is being published in the interest of this propaganda.
During the dry season supplies are hauled most of the way by oxen, a yoke of which pulls about four hundred pounds through a country where a horse would be troubled to transport himself.
Should ha' thought they'd waited till I was up an' ' round again . '
They have been driven in the harness of their various parties to the polls by " bosses " shrewdly selected and liberally paid.
Hence the apparent exception really confirms the above distinction.
But whin I'm hirin' a la-ad I find out first whether he is onto his job, an' afther a few years I begin to suspect that he is honest, too.
Quite a party are going also, and great preparations have been made for us.
Because the brutality of the civilized slave owners and dealers created a conquering sentiment against slavery it is not intelligent to assume that slavery is a maleficent thing amongst Oriental peoples (for example) where the slave is not oppressed.
State if he said anything as to the means by which he intended to obtain or was directed by the President to obtain possession of the War Department.
But, for all this, the writing of these eleven volumes under such disabilities remains a most remarkable achievement, and one which bears strong testimony to the high qualiities of Prescott's character.
" Yes, we are consecrated to art, " said Beth with a sigh of relief, and began talking of Marie.
Yes, " said Dick, " my services are very valooable . "
Jesus asked: " If you rode by as a great prince and found Me lying wretchedly in the gutter, would you leave me lying there? "
" I'd been up against this argument so many times with him that I knew there was no use of trying to buck up against it any more, so I started to leave the store.
The book was gravely dedicated to the New York Historical Society, and it is said to have been quoted, as authentic history, by a certain German scholar named Goeller, in a note on a passage in Thucydides.
" But the big uncle, " her father asked . "
Mrs. Brympton spoke so low that I couldn't catch her answer . "
The rain comes, " she stated coldly . "
Thus we have, as regards natural man, two salient facts: Between each man, simply as a man, and every other man, there is an equality of soul, an equal worth of personality.
of application, of concentrated effort, which capitalizes the natural abilities of a man.
When old Mr. Bowdoin came in, the cashier told him what had happened . "
The incisive wit, the rich humor, the withering satire of speech, gain all their point and effect from the truth.
Had he not already drawn hostile blood--the first?
She went at once to communicate her morsel of news to her husband, and at length to Miss Powell.
They maintained that plans should be adopted only after mature deliberation and that several months would be necessary to create the requisite operating organizations on the Isthmus before well considered construction could be begun.
Jim Blakely Comes down to Sam She's noticed it, too.
How is it with the rest of you? "
A few days' work, however, and my old friend, Alandug, fell from me for a while on the arms question.
The hands were beautiful in their way, too thin, perhaps, and almost too white from recent illness, but straight and elastic, with little blue veins at the sides of the finger-joints and exquisite nails that were naturally polished.
He did not understand, thrilled as he was by the contact, but he let her soft hand fall away from his.
She was a tall, grave woman, and much respected by all.
And you repeated so vehemently ,' None, Mr. Murray! '
It was not possible that any one could be there!
There was a great rally, and the beggar made a rousing speech . '
Well, come up the hills wi' me; yon men will be here in ten minutes, whoever they are . "
or, indeed, pure sand, like that of the seashore ,?
For a copper-piece I would send you to cool your heels in the water below--for that last word!
the constable read him the note, which bade him give the bearer a whipping, not too severe, but sutlicield to serve him as a lesson for sonic time to come.
WALTER CORBIN Neither am I--( Exit with BUTLER, I R.) DOCTOR HENRY RUMSEY Gad if he gets very ugly, there are four of us--( Puts rope about manikin) This is the third man I've overpowered to-night; and they seem to get easier.
" I don't know, but a lot.
KATE Well, what are you waiting for, Shiny?
In the region about D there were districts without a mill or a granary or a single shop for the sale of provisions.
( they both go up to back l.c . )
He had just had the experience of getting a great deal of money without earning it, and was fresh from the disagreeable memories of it--the trembling and suspense, the burning lustful greed, the terrible nerve-devouring excitement.
Moreover, here was a new season coming on; and one that promised him delight untold.
Grandpa, when I met him, at this time, wore an air of deep dejection; yet he bore his woes in silence, doubtless avoiding any concession that should suggest the need of another clarification of his system.
said Miss Elizabeth, wishing to hear more . "
CHAPEL OF NICHOLAS V. Frescoes: Lives of SS.
At last Mr. IRobbins said, Well, Mrs. Peavy, suppose we lay this before the Lord and ask his aid ,' and then he prayed.
" Oh, as long as they weren't toads! "
I have seen a current of this character running out for many yards beyond a man's depth, and against which Fig.
Indeed, I think it was this magic of colour that made the difference in my appearance which seems to have mystified you.
Valentine Please you, I'll write your ladyship another.
I want no pursuit when I do my work.
The ruling classes iu Italy were as blind to their own interests, at the beginning of the nineteenth century, as were sundry great American political leaders regarding slavery, in the middle of the same century, and as are sundry great American financial leaders in our own time.
Such persons, however, may find great benefit from engaging in exercises that require less intense activity, but may be indulged in for a longer time, such as golf, cricket, bicycling, horseback riding, and hill climbing.
There were men here on this very spot ,' he'd say ,' looking out for attack, eating, drinking, cooking their food, polishing their weapons, laughing, and shouting--MEN--Selden, fifty-five years before Christ was born--and sometimes the New Testament times seem to us so far away that they are half a dream . '
Some went south to the conquest of Central America, others north to California and New Mexico.
The plays of Bronson Howard arc still performed on the humble stages of local stock companies.
The conditions in many cities are such as to offer a bounty to mendicancy.
The solution of the crowd civilization is going to be the man who shall have it in him to be a crowdin-spirit.
I do not understand what has got into the fellow . "
SHINY Yes--h'it am hard--on de poor ones especially--( he looks hard at JOHN) Now dare's Miss Kate Newton.
Of course that makes no difference to me--Eleanor.
I treated him and gave him directions for living carefully.
Indeed, several of Luini's pictures have been attributed to Leonardo until very recently.
If there is anything that makes a customer sour it is to be drawn on by a firm that he has dealt with for a long time.
" Well, he, of course, is purely disinterested . "
Filled " cheese has the butter fat replaced by foreign fats, such as lard and cotton seed oil.
I had been directing some letters that I expected to have an opportunity to send that morning . "
He demanded sharply; " What's all this business to you? "
We'll excuse you dear, if you're through.
Do I have any fun, does it do me any good, do I get ideas for yarns?
So many other things are pleasant, too; but, dear, dear, it is very unfortunate about that one thing! "
He went hesitatingly up, and laid a gloved hand deprecatingly upon her shoulder . "
He was plainly one of the many strangers who, in passing through the Capital, went to visit the public buildings.
Do you think you could ever like me a whole lot?
But by and by he could keep it no longer, and in tones of awe he whispered that he knew a magician who lived in their very town . "
Less and less money was sent, until during the year 1847-48 the landlord did not, in the words of an old friend, " get enough from the estate to buy the children a pair of shoes.
Her account lacked lucidity and connection, but from what I can gather piecemeal, she did not enjoy herself.
Almost humbled, Blinker rolled up the shirt sleeves of his mind and joined the idealists . "
Kitchell, the law-abiding taxpayer, was a weakling in comparison with Kitchell, the free-booter and beach-comber in sight of his prize . "
" It is evidently cards on the table with us . "
If the change could be made from the system of standing armies to that of a true militia of the Swiss type, a long step towards enduring peace would be made.
When did we ever find Gaston de Marignac objectionable?
A recent and well known Swedish writer, A. Hedin, a member of the Diet, has said on this question: " The ruling wisdom in Sweden has let three quarters of a century pass without learning that, as a result of opposition to legitimate demands, small difficulties grow to great ones, and these suddenly change to impossibilities.
is, in spite of Henry Kirke White, not applied to " the hollow beech tree . "
The principal parts of the standard telephone set are the transmitter and the receiver.
Gas was not introduced into dwellinghouses until Pemberton Square was built by the Lowells, Jacksons, and their friends, in the years 1835 , 1836, and later.
Six queer, bright little faces, Dripping and merry with light . "
Not Loretta, surely--but the old step-mother!
She made the road easy for Livingstone, but he had to walk it briskly.
He is at work in some factory in Milford, and gets a living . "
But in the far-reaching Import case, the court was more evenly divided.
( Laying her hand upon his, with a deliberate movement of his her?
My master and I came to the front of the Brandon Inn at half past one o'clock, " he told his mate in the next stall afterward . "
It was long, but only the first paragraph need be quoted, for the rest related merely to his travels: " The breezes of the Pacific have blown away all my bad temper, " he wrote, " and I want to say that I was wrong, and regret my original fault, as well as what it later led me into.
Sidenote: His position, Jan. 2 , 1777.
The gentleman gave me his name, Julian Maldonado, and that of his daughter, Felicita Maldonado.
Isn't it queer, when for a long time they have gone out of your mind?
And as the little group went on through the fragrant sage and the yellow bloom, Tahn-te himself stood almost on their trail, but a little to one side where a knoll was.
I am afraid you are hurt, " Betty said, and as she spoke the rest of the party joined them.
Three of the drawings in particular are worthy of unqualified praise " Some of her new friends, " the beautiful group of three young women dancing on the sward; " The stars sang in their spheres, " three nude female figures admirable in line and chaste in treatment; and " With Love, ** in which the conception is bold and original and very ably carried out.
Leaving Phelps, with the 30th Massachusetts and 12th Connecticut and Manning's 4th Massachusetts battery, at the head of the passes, in order to be prepared to occupy the works immediately on their surrender, Butler hastened with the rest of his force to Sable Island in the rear of Fort St. Philip.
Because they held no dark thoughts in their minds they knew no fear, and because they knew no fear the wild creatures knew none and the speech of each was clear to the other.
Was there something concerning which you desired to consult me? "
We come, then, to the conclusion that every bodily action takes place through the operation of, and in accordance with, natural laws.
We execrate their vices, while we weep for their misfortunes.
BROOKFIELD Let's cross the bridge when we come to it.
Tell me, and I will get you out of here too . "
In carrying out his idea the Prince had of course the advantages of exceptional abilities, and, until the fall of the Empire, of unlimited money.
That new stage of yours just jumped stiff-legged from the go-off.
Again he said the words to himself, and then aloud.
I have now run rapidly over the history of twenty-one of the twenty-seven books of the New Testament ,--all of the Epistles of the inspired book.
Pounds Sterling, Bank of England, gilt edge, extra dry.
Mosses from an Old Manse , 114 , 117.
I made money, and then bought a small freight boat.
" If you cared to leave home I might give you some sort of a job on one of my boats, " went on Andrew Shalley, thoughtfully . "
He can see that the Chateaugay is of heavier metal than the Dornoch . "
Save for his regular luncheon at the Cafe Bavaria, no Sixth Avenue habitue had ever seen Mr. Fritz Braun at concert, theater, or any of the places of local or suburban amusement.
Did ever any little girl have two lovers? "
Then Breen &amp; Co. began to hoist her up--five points--ten points--twenty points.
He was sure to do it; and, when he had done it, and found her gone on this errand, what would he do?
The rain was just ceasing, and the sun suddenly broke through the clouds, filling all the west with glory.
The whole merges naturally into the first waltz, with a richer suite of adorning figures.
Let the quaint, homely saying but enter your mind, (In the backwoods they hold it in highest esteem), And good common sense in its teaching you'll find--Don't look for the bridge till you come to the stream.
The great incident of his early history, in days since the gold period, was his long conflict with the stockraisers.
While it is being pledged for loans and attached for debt, Astor acquires a third interest in an outstanding mortgage, forecloses, and obtains for $25,000 a property now worth at least twenty millions.
Finally, he said, " Charlie Murphy is the biggest grafter this town has ever seen He has managed everything from a ladies' baseball nine to disorderly house . "
To destroy crawling pilferers of pollen, several species coat their calices, at least, with fine hairs or sticky gum; and to insure wide distribution of offspring, the seeds are packed in the attractive, bright red calyx tube or hip, a favorite food of many birds, which drop them miles away.
The needles present different shapes and poses at every angle; they seem to rise, bend, and execute all manner of ponderous movements.
Then it was found by experience that the evil-disposed among the workmen were not to be converted into honest, industrious, and faithful employees in any such wholesale manner.
Very soon they found the pastoral lands of Tasmania too limited, and as Edward Henty had in one of his coasting voyages seen the sealers at Portland Bay and noticed how numerous the whales were in that bay, and how fine the grassy lands that lay within, he chartered a vessel, the Thistle, and crossed in her to settle at Portland Bay with servants, sheep, cattle, and horses.
Next year we hope to go in on a much larger scale . "
It is not mainly a political motif, as it is in Kansas.
I want one who defends a man because he isn't a criminal . "
No, " he answered, with the same unnatural quiet . "
I was the recipient of her most entrancing smiles; I listened to her modulated voice; I bore her off, a willing captive, from a throng of despairing admirers; I danced with her, gazing down into her eyes, with her fluffy hair brushing my cheek, yet resisted all her charms and came forth thinking only of you . "
It was already dusk, but there was light enough for me to notice the unrepaired condition of the iron railings on either side of the old stone stoop and to compare this abode of decayed grandeur with the spacious and elegant apartment in which pretty Mrs. Holmes mourned the loss of her young husband.
He did not run away, but stayed close to her; and at last she said, " Stand still, dear fawn; don't fear, I must take care of you, but I will never leave you . "
To the most insulting pretensions they have added the most lawless proceedings in our very harbors, and have wantonly spilt American blood within the sanctuary of our territorial jurisdiction.
The jury had decided on the death-sentence before they left their seats.
Aristotle, for his part, wrote that' Woman Is more compassionate than man, more easily moved to tears.
A person of breeding choosing the cause of the rout and rabble!
The driver kept to the deserted side streets where they raced along unchallenged, but soon it became necessary to turn into the main thoroughfare in order to reach the water front and the boat.
Do you really think papa would like being an angel?
Within sight of this large island, and to the southeast of it, we saw another island of no great size.
The impression I made upon Uncle Cephas must have been favorable, for when my next birthday rolled around there came with it a book from Uncle Cephas--my third love, Grimm's " Household Stories . "
Anderson had failed to report the suspected crime to the sheriff at Boggs City and was working alone on the mystery.
I'm in no mood to speak to you again to-day . "
The gray squirrel and rabbit are brisk and playful in the remote glens, even on the morning of the cold Friday.
An innocent little cherub, that, just born into a pure light, had never even heard that there was a world at all, - he would, in this sense, be unworldly.
Danger that comes in the dark is far more fearsome than danger which comes in the light.
Though ordinarily cool, courageous, and self-possessed, he was unable to conceal a strong emotion, which looked much like fear.
There was a footstep in the avenue, and she knew it.
Still a boy of under twenty-five, he starred the country as a political speaker, unsuccessfully fought an election, and then hurried off to Natal for the war.
" Is it possible, " cried Mr. Teddy, " that you have neglected to provide against that serious loss which would accrue if a careless workman were to drop a lighted match in yonder pile of shavings?
A short silence followed, and then Mr. Leigh said: " Do you not frequently ride on horseback? "
The Church of England professes to comprehend more than half of the English population, although its claim is disputed by the Dissenters; it is certain that its couiiterpart in this country, the Episcopal Church, ministers to a fraction of the people which is numerically insignificant.
The author is under no illusions as to wh it means to overcome the formalism that o presses democratic government.
Put yourself in your brother's place, and listen to this true story of New England life enacted during the past year.
The carriage bearing Frank and the professor had found a place in the procession through the skill of the driver, and the man and boy were able to witness this triumphal entrance of King Rex to the Crescent City.
turn over an empire such as this to a miserable trading huckster, the son of a peasant--permit him to name the governors and officers!
On the following morning, " continued Bensef; " all the male Jehudim went to Alexandrovsk and implored an audience of the Governor.
Any six-year-old child has, likewise, had much practice in detecting the subject of short conversations, especially of those of interest to him.
That was an honest hate, and he hugged it to him.
In her garret she could commit them to memory, if need be.
The crest of its border stands about 2000 feet above the Mare Imbrium, and more than double this height above the interior.
" I will see to the traps, Frances.
But these are relatively permanent motives rather than motives belonging particularly to one election; or they are motives determined by the " personal equation " of the voter rather than by special and current party policy.
' Why, stranger, what the deuce might be your name? '
And yet, even in this confusion of accessories there is a certain symphonic swing which lifts us into the spirit of the whole.
Remember, " she said to him, as they paused on the patriarchal doorsteps for permission to enter, " remember Father Hilarion is regarded here as a heretic.
At all events, I am not implicated with it, and, though it may be impossible, I will endeavor not to provoke the special enmity of our new rulers.
She sent them fruit and cakes, and then she brought out the wine, which she distributed in the same fashion.
is it even more compromising than your letter to her?
The trough was fed by a pipe, running from a spring, and there was plenty of water . "
It is in pushing and being pushed that we feel most strain in all human relations.
It was very unlike the man to return to his lodging without having accomplished anything, but he was hardly conscious of the fact.
Very well, " replied Ryder still unruffled, " all negotiations are off.
What is that about the child and the cockatrice? "
At the same time he was the recognized leader of the Proprietary party.
What, Lord, wilt thou have me to do?
The hunter or boor who passes there Signs the sign of the cross in the air; For well he remembers the tale he heard In early youth of the mystic bird; And knows till the terrible Judgment Day, The raven will haunt the place alway, By day or night, through cloud or shine, " True to the House of Rabenstein . "
Granted that the soul is immaterial, and that it leaves the body after death, what is there to keep it on earth?
We've a pretty big job to engineer between us, but I daresay we shall come out all right.
It was a sad little procession that followed him.
But Margaret's real trials were all yet to come.
No student can become a walking encyclopaedia, but he should learn while in college how to avail himself advantageously of reference books, libraries and other sources of information.
Oh, what shall I do, dear little bird?
It was directed to Rebecca Mary, and lay on her plate when she came home from school . "
There is no need to watch; having once started in the right direction, if you drop useless muscular contraction every time you notice it, that is enough.
The twins writhed in their chairs as much as their tight bandings would permit.
Adam brought it, and watched her slice up onions and potatoes and stir in the various ingredients . "
My curiosity being much excited, I turned to Falconer, and said: " Will you grant me permission? '
Having as yet only wandered around the edges of the sacred groves of wisdom where these pitiless teachers break the sweet shackles of their pupils, he still thought the thoughts of childhood and instinctively obeyed the injunction of Emerson, to " reverence the dreams of our youth, " and the admonition of Richter, that " when we cease to do so, then dies the man in us . "
down in a group together, Max holding the withered hand of the gentle old lady in his own, and Estella and I being near together . "
They now worked an agreed number of hours, were paid on a basis by the hour or day, and " found " themselves.
At the end of the vista there was a circle of clearer, steadier radiance.
They were made from rich trade or from the Law, the latter conferring respect and dignity upon the House.
Miss Fannie Ward will open her American engagement in Jerome K. Jerome's new comedy at the Park Theatre, Boston, January 4.
But to sneer at and taunt a fallen adversary in the hour of sadness, and in the condition in which Tyope was, is not the Indian's way.
She would have liked to assist Pawnee Brown, but could not see how it could just then be done.
Instead, he dropped back upon his chair, and laughed aloud, ere he replied: " I suspect, my boy, that there is a pair of us . "
He decided to change his plans and sail for the North Cape, thereby adding more than $30,000 to his credit.
In the midst of the laughter and interruptions, a dirty, beery fellow of fifty or so, from whom Stonor's arm was shielding Jean, turned to the pal behind him with --' Ow'd yer like to be that one's' usband?
I always had implicit confidence in Clayton's honor; he was trusted by our heaviest stockholder, named by him, backed by him; and Mr. Worthington, even at his lamented death, proposed making him general manager in the West.
69; and, finally, becomes homocercal like Fig.
And immediately a number of the employees gathered round, all regarding her with interest and sympathy, all anxious to help, and--which was what mystified Don Miguel - - all calling her by name!
After eating our fill of berries, with two nestfuls of partly hatched quail-eggs for dessert, Lop-Ear and I wandered circumspectly into the woods toward the river.
" Oh, yes, he has a right, but his throat'll be slit before long, mark what I say! "
The show, " it was called, the name indicating that there could be only one.
" It will be, sir, in abundant time, " was the prompt reply . "
So it chanced that Juan Gonzalvo and Manuel Lenares, called Chico, were the only two included in the company who had not been confessed and enrolled by Padre Vicente himself.
Breakfast came at eight; recitations, from nine till one; then all dined together, at three tables.
In the first place it is only fortunes of exceptional magnitude that will of themselves give their possessors any exceptional social advantages.
I wish I had no duties here, and might follow him now . "
" Go on, " I said, and queerly enough I didn't feel at all afraid of the man . "
Is there anything I can do or furnish to make you more so? "
At the same time six Chinese ships with their merchandise arrived in Chordemuco and, while they were discharging it, the Chinese being many and hating the Spaniards, behaved towards them with great arrogance and insolence.
Pouring out the tea and handing it to Mrs. Roberts . "
Not for his life would he cross the battlefield again; so it was late when by wide circuit he approached the dwelling of his mistress.
But in the wrapping of tobacco I 3 2 The Soverane Herbe into paper packets steel machinery has superseded feminine fingers, though a considerable amount is still done by hand.
Why is the attorney who assists him in doing so less unmanly and ignoble?
The specimens of C. setispinus from San Julio Canyon are from younger parts and show but a single long and hooked central.
the most greedy, domineering, unscrupulous, least admirable form of aristocracy the world has ever seen.
I pushed the door gently open and went in.
He volunteered the declaration that he had had enough of war, but he added, thoughtfully, " I should like to go out for a couple of years if there was any trouble with Russia . "
The slight emphasis on the last name recalled to all the party the effusive eulogiums Miss Sherman had lavished upon that famous imperial philosopher a few days before, while they were looking at his bust in the museum of Palazzo Laterano; when, unfortunately, she had imputed to him certain utterances that rightfully belong to another literary man who lived in quite a different age and country.
( Puts his arms round them; swing Bus . )
Monsieur "--" Lazarre Williams, " supplemented Annabel . "
You're worse than rich people, as you call us: a great deal prouder.
And as for Hannah Sawyer's 185 pounds being transported across the fields and over the fences in less time--not to speak of all the orphan's clothes and the pies and the pound cake and the crock of butter--well, there was no use thinking about it!
You know what I mean, " went on Rollin doggedly . "
M* DEAREST FATHER, - It is early morning.
He did not recognize them at first, but presently he knew that he was lying in his usual place, at the top of his tower . "
The footman, a huge fellow, adopted similar measures with the waiting-woman, who set up a shrill screaming that made needless any cries on Madge's part.
Later, she brought a big bunch of chrysanthemums and put them on his bureau; then tidied the room even beyond its usual order, since on Sundays, when his neighbors had leisure, the invalid was sure to have many visitors.
( With trembling hands he begins to fit an arrow to the string . )
For ages, France, like the rest of Europe, had suffered from the theological t iviory opposed to the taking of interest f 1r money.
Say: did you ever ask any other woman to marry you?
He had been a mass of vanity and now he was so mean in his own eyes that he shrank from the passers-by.
She stretched forth her eager hand to seize the good, and in so doing snatched the evil that grew beside it.
It's a shame you haven't a decent snuff-box, " Beatrice observed, with an eye on the enamelled wooden one, cheap and shabby, from which he helped himself . "
Several steamers had been planned: one had blown up, and two others were still on the stocks.
I want to know in what way you are connected with that woman who called herself Mrs. Vanderbeck, and who enticed me here with valuable diamonds, only to steal them from me?
This plague was the most terrible scourge of which history has any knowledge, save perhaps the so-called Black Death, which afflicted Europe in the fourteenth century (sec.
The two proprietors divided it between them by the line shown on the map (p. 56).
Every success in an election is yawped of as " a triumph of Republican (or Democratic) principles . "
This would take a long time, but that is not a reason against making a proper beginning.
They kept a little inn, in a country place, and people who slept in it did not come out again.
A long list of nests found in a season gives me no pleasure; how many birds belong to a certain district does not concern me in the least.
So in less than five minutes Otis was sound asleep and no pinching could wake him up.
" Long live Sir Henry Morgan, King of the Buccaneers! "
While the council was warmly debating on this subject word was brought them that three vessels had been seen off the bar.
By the flame begot on ore, Born within the furnace roar, Forged with ave, rolled with credo, Came my metal to Toledo.
The head of the line being to the north, they all faced east with their feet stretched out.
The house was big, for the Ingraham family had been numerous, but it was as square and austere as the builders could make it.
Her face was pale now, and her eyes had a look of pain and horror.
Mrs. Wheelwright said: " Oh, if more would only live on the spiritual plane, how much happier they would be in all that pertains to this life . "
If he is a spy we'll have to take him back to the fort and turn him over to the captain . "
Amy has spared neither age nor sex, in the use of whoppers.
Footnote 1: Read Parkman's Montcalm and Wolfe, Vol.
About this time Charles John tried to prevent the Norwegians from celebrating the 17th of May, the day on which the constitution had been adopted, but his attitude only increased their demonstrations.
You were looking at it when Miss Breton and I saw you, and you didn't notice us; Does Thomas know when--I mean about what o'clock--the book was first missed? "
The thing paused an instant, seeming to hover over his prostrate body, and I could have screamed again for very fright, but I had no voice left.
In the mile or so of shipping that stretched from the docks where the China steamships landed, down past the ferry slips and on to Meiggs's Wharf, every maritime nation in the world was represented.
He concurs in my own high opinion of his work, I believe; but I don't know whether, as literary men go, it would be fair to call him conceited.
The tall form of Mr. Brooks confronting him out of doors was the first knowledge he had of the arrival of his classmate, who impulsively and abruptly said, " I want your advice about going to Holy Trinity . "
At this point, I cannot keep out of mind the story of the preacher who divided his discourse into three heads.
The fact that he carries no deadly gun, but a long bow made of seasoned yew, with which he more often misses than not, may serve to palliate his offences; still, we fancy that members of the Audubon Society who are attracted to these pages by the really fascinating descriptions of Southern birds, will hardly find-themselves in sympathy with the likely author.
to the civil war scenes cruelly disturbing the peaceful s*oul of this descendant of Quakers?
Then, as they looked at one another and saw only the faces of friends, some one of them cried, suddenly, To President Alvarez, Dictator of Olancho! '
Many years ago there was a poor gentleman shut up in one of the great prisons of France.
At the end of the month he was no nearer any sort of understanding with her than he had been at the beginning.
At any rate, the revenues derived by the landlords from this kind of property are far greater than those received for the most costly buildings.
Usually there is one fixed to look ahead and another that is movable, in order to take in what is on the sides and in the rear.
In some instances all that was left of the night was thus occupied, and it was broad daylight before every thing was ready.
SALLY You'll have to speak louder, my dear.
Our desire, in engaging in this argument, is to turn the thought and love of the world from a mythical being, to humanity, which is both real and present.
Whereupon, as the discussion was beginning to grow acrimonious, Washington hailed Charon, and, ordering a boat, invited his guests to accompany him over into the world of realities, where they passed the balance of the evening haunting a vaudeville performance at one of the London music-halls.
All the ministers, except Mr. Hage, are sons of the people in every sense.
Suddenly there was an angry cry for Lathers, and every man stood still.
Dr. Woolsey's knowledge of history was abundant and accurate.
France, Germany, Holland, and Belgium , 1844-1900.
That seems a goodsized population for an utterly unknown town.
Hodge gasped and clutched the arm of his roommate . "
The deception doubtless arises from a wondering inability to understand the ethical ideals which can require such im // possible virtues, combined with a tradition that charity visitors do require them, and from an innocent desire to please.
His duty has been to preserve the gold standard of individual officers of the company, and he mentioned specifically Mr. Alexander, Mr. Hyde, Mr. Tarbell, and Mr. Jordan.
That meant that it was she herself who had been bad.
Much light has been thrown on the process of digestion in the last few years by the investigations of Pavlov, a Russian physiologist, and others.
They represent a formidable production, of which little idea can be given in a brief survey.
That's just like him, " said Tom; " he'd rather please Jenny than set the House of Representatives on fire.
The preacher was surprised to see the transformation that was going on in the man before him.
" " Oh, I didn't know ye was havin' a meetin', " said Emily Gaskell, mockingly . "
A prolonged war of rates between two railroads, furthermore, may so reduce the revenues of the contestants as to destroy the market value of their bonds, and the creditors of the companies may thus lose their investments.
Beth, " he said softly, " I have a more selfish reason for urging you--for I love you, Beth.
From the door Mauville watched it until it reached a toll-gate, passed beneath the portcullis and disappeared into the broad province of the wilderness.
' It isn't your party any more than mine, is it?
You poor --' ' he began, contemptuously.
" Only a few days before she had her stroke she made me write this and go up and pin it on the quilt.
Fearing then that her daughter, in rashly attempting to return home alone, had lost herself in the streets of Warsaw, the baroness sent messengers in every direction to seek for her and guide her back.
Had I possessed such skill, would I have ventured my life in such a fashion?
A few years ago our bluebirds in the eastern part of the continent were fearfully decimated by a cold wave: Intl ant ice storm in the South that cut off their food supply.
" His father sends him up in the fur country in the spring . "
Thou shalt be tried, " said the Viceroy . "
Behind him was the wall: of the half circle which he faced well-nigh all were old soldiers and servants of the colony, gentlemen none of whom had come in later than Dale ,--Rolfe, West, Wynne, and others.
Yes, " rejoined Jefferson with growing irritation, " she objects to my family.
Racking headaches tormented her; she had a constant cough.
Some other evils have grown up in connection with the practice of athletic sports which threaten to lessen their value both physically and morally as a training for boys.
Many questions must come before Congress which will make a hasty decision as to the size and make-up of the new army difficult.
John de Bury is glad that it is to a De Lacy he owes his life . "
But the commanders of the British ships were brave men.
With all, the question of questions was, Will it succeed?
I hope there's something else I can do . "
It takes men so long to get started, " was the way she explained her victory.
" Not often, I daresay, " he admitted . "
the indecision of the King, the suspicion of Napoleon, the poverty of the country, and the inertia of influential people wedded to the old SyStem' by self-interest or dread of change.
) he cried, shaking his fist in the man's face.
Its influence has long been remarked in the waters of the Baltic Sea.
I thought I would take one invalid at a time, " he responded, smiling . "
A decade in the life of a law, especially if it has been the subject of administrative and legal discussion, is a sufficiently long period to warrant an examination of the principles upon which it rests, in the light of the experience that it has encountered.
You' ve made me wrong her--perhaps kill her, for all I know . "
For these friends of ours who have gone before, there is now no more toil; they start from their slumbers no more at the cry of pain; they sally forth no more into the storms; they ride no longer over the lonely roads that knew them so well; their wheels are rusting on their axles or rolling with other burdens; their watchful eyes are closed to all the sorrows they lived to soothe.
Her arms were fast, she could only struggle feebly.
You will have to confiss it, and you'd be ashamed to face the praste . "
Do you think that there is anything better for you and me to do, now and then, than to sit down quietly in a humble seat, and watch a few scenes in the drama?
He knew that she was unselfish, but he had not noticed before that her ways were so graceful.
Here is both lode and placer mining, but the principal placer - owner is working the quartz.
The average age of the president and his cabinet is only forty-eight; the oldest member is fifty-five, and the youngest, President Schwab, but thirty-nine.
Sit down here and keep quiet, " sharply ordered Ned as Bob crawled out on deck.
Each thatched cottage occupies a clear space in the plantation, the trees forming a fence about it, double the height of the building.
The development of natural resources in new regions, which has been so constant up to this period, and which has contributed in so large a degree to the growth and wealth of the country, must still continue.
A few orange cuttings from the east coast of Brazil.
Half ashamed of the pleasure he felt even in his embarrassment, Clarence stammered, " But this change--this dress . "
" It is half-past six, " said her mamma, " and Uncle Heath will be here in half an hour . "
Sits on the ground with her blanket drawn closely around her Andy.
And Straws walked away, forgetting the questions he had asked in his own more interesting cogitations.
As regards poor Dawling I knew how often he still called on the Hammond Synges.
Quite still I sat, but felt that dignity and severity of bearing but made me more vulnerable to ridicule.
DAVID DOWNRIGHT Yes--I suppose that we ought not to grumble.
He sent a thick cloud of smoke curling to the ceiling.
They seek allies among the useful, they avoid the useless . "
" Oh, I can git away without speakin' to him, " said Mr. Rooper, with reddened face.
No poet has ever gazed more undevihave been drawn from nature; the dominant perspective is absolutely perfect in its optical illusion.
The Evangelist gives us the Aramaic word which Jesus used, and translates it for his readers into Greek.
Her mother left her to me, a little two-year-old thing, a clinging little creature that would snug in my arms and go to sleep, whether I was drunk or sober.
The street is so short that he almost invariably takes one to it instead of to the hotel itself.
' You have need to ,' she answered bitterly, yet with a changed countenance, or I was mistaken ,' if your story be true, sir . '
It was unfortunate that the change in the constitution of this State in 1846, establishing universal suffrage, occurred simultaneously with the beginning of the great tide of emigration which followed the Irish famine.
" I see nothing but vastness and cold gray grandeurs, " she said, adding: " and the very bigness of it makes me feel like a mere atom, or a molecule--whichever is the smaller . "
At sight of these ominous preparations, Allie's fear came back to her . "
To allow the counties and districts to escape the draft, by furnishing alien substitutes through the bounty system, seems unwise.
The darkness during the height of an eclipse is not so great as it is sometimes supposed to be.
The princess stifled a cry of alarm when she glanced at the sky.
And if you see things said of me that trouble you, will you ask me about them? "
LORD CARDINGTON Well, you see, Hoopah, I've known Arthur Weatherbee for some time.
In the days when she had served at the ribbon counter in a department store, she had not found life as agreeable as she had found it since the hours which were not spent at her own private sewing machine were given to hearty domestic duties providing cleanliness, savoury meals, and comfort for Jem.
I'd mapped out a meeting between Marguerite Andrews and a certain Mr. Arthur Parker, a fellow with wealth, position, brains, good looks--in short, everything a girl could ask for, and that's what came of it . "
However, remind yourself that a little good sense when you resume business...by the way, it's morning...no super-sensitiveness, no grieving, for you were straight all through...go right on as if nothing had happened...and in fact nothing has happened yet ...
Every hour we called at a police post to report and to keep in touch with anything that might interest us.
I should very much like to look into your garden at Saint-Graal . '
Hence this nascent oxygen literally tears // down complex colored substances and changes them into colorless compounds.
Overwork and underfeeding have been recognized for half a century as the chief causes of the large death-rate of the laboring classes as compared with the well-to-do.
We will come to Stornham to see the catalogue, " Lord Dunholm promised . "
I don't think bones are good for pigs.
The barges were boats with a main and upper deck almost as long and commodious as a steamer.
The night is cold and you will need it . "
Since then, he had begun to doubt, and the doubts were thickening.
The door was opened, and Ivan was pushed into the room.
Venice, upon her mudbanks at the northwestern corner of the Adriatic, insisted upon a similar control over that open sea; the annual marriage of the Doge with the Adriatic was but the symbol of this dominion.
Miss Dayton dresses richly, but I should not say that' showy' was a fitting word to apply to her refined taste . "
( Besides, we can get the canal'.
One day Bego sat in his lordly castle at Belin; and beside him was his wife, the fair Beatrice.
She lived in the Augustan age of Nippon statesmanship.
Possibly Gus could turn himself in some way to get the lumber for the boy . "
What may be called Representative courtesy is now invoked to justify a legislative outrage.
On and on they went, and, as the scenes of a lifetime will be crowded into a moment in the memory of a drowning man, so a thousand things came flashing into Lloyd's mind.
Then the doctors continued their rounds, followed by the correct head nurse.
He is in fact a born leader and with a certain statesmanlike quality.
The latter were partly shrouded in shadow, but the Indian himself suggested a statue set up among the trees.
" I thought you would not care to speak to me, you didn't this morning, " he answered somewhat loftily . "
In her first aim she was baffled for the moment by Frederick the Great.
From this height one could see the Hampton hills to the east, outlined by a thin row of trees drawn as if with a heavy brush along the margin of the landscape.
He brought me to the Crooked Billet in Water Street.
It was a voice that, while it rang hard, yet had in it an assurance of protection--even of power, and it thrilled her as with some familiar memory.
He often regretted that he could do no more for his laborers without lessening his own profits, or, rather, without lessening his fund for tile blessing of mankind--the blessing to begin immediately after his death.
The majority of writers assume that a person answering to the description of Jesus lived some two thousand years ago.
Swains and nymphs of every nation, Recking naught of race or station, Mingle in the merry dance, Widely Straying, Idly Playing, Back and forth, retire, advance!
He might have added that where women are concerned law-makers are more than willing to rectify every real injustice and grant any reasonable request.
There was some vague memory in his mind which associated Gorringe with other love-feasts, and with a cynical attitude toward them.
Take, for instance, the works of Messrs.
And because in the laws of the natural it has been written that what we most fear we shall most invite, those trusts in their marching will provoke that Public Ownership of railways, and streetcars, and gas, and electric lights, and water, and telegraph, and telephone, from which they shrink.
The gossip is in neither ease necessarily offensive or mischievous.
" Well, we'll tell' em, " agreed the disappointed Lufkins . "
She told her mother what fine piano players the Miller girls were, what sweet singers Dr. Lacy's daughters were, and the male quartette was very fine.
And now that we' ve talked it all over, Edgar, I' m not ashamed of you!
On July (or, as he spells it ,' Jully') 15 , 1751, Young Glengarry wrote from London to James and to Edgar.
Solomon was further gratified to hear Hopkins declare, in his big, hearty voice . "
The Indians use its slender stems for making their blow pipes or gravatanas, through which they blow small poisoned arrows with accuracy to a considerable distance.
But you don't have half as good a time! "
Oh, we pitched in and righted things and got into port at last.
she answered, as if no other thought could exist in her mind.
She let it go, left it hanging, and sat down on a great stone, with her black cat, which had followed her all round the cave, by her side.
You mean, to keep a liberal and gentlemanly establishment, as would become your son-in-law? "
I'll jump in bed at candle-light, An' act both deaf an' dumb!
To the visitor wholly unfamiliar with St. Louis, or acquainted with it only as it was ten years ago, nothing appears more striking than the array of fine homes in the great central-western district, and in the newer districts in the vicinity of the large parks.
The timber is very hard, and is much used for building purposes.
They rushed to the office, procured tickets, and just had time to jump aboard the boat as it pulled out of the slip.
" You took my job away from me, an' I'm goin' to pay you fer doing it . "
After that the world was empty--and it was as empty of decent pride as of everything else.
All this is nothing new in the world, but old as religion, as Delphi and Endor.
- equivalent to the exclamation--The Devil!
All causes of disagreement, considered as forces in married life, are relative in their value to the comparative solidity of the characters on which they act--a truism which ought to be the foundation of social charity, but is not.
" Did you tell the Doctor about it? "
Their popular literatures are as diverse in spirit and in form as they well could be; what holds of one of them can never safely be predicated of another.
It must be very nice to have lots of money, and be able to help people . "
It mustn't be so; I can't bear it! "
The Lord Jesus was maligned and persecuted because He was the Emancipator of the Sabbath day from foolish and mistaken notions of sanctity.
He was an excellent, if precise, portrait-painter.
The great white fellow was a sympathetic auditor, if silence and extreme gravity count.
But Mademoiselle Hennequin was a person of such perfect bon ton, had so thoroughly the manners of a lady, and was generally reputed so accomplished, that most of the friends of the family felt themselves bound to notice her.
Now, it is possible you can make more money by serving me than in any other way.
On the nearer side the Moon pulls the water away from the Earth, and on the further side she pulls beautiful investigation of the strain of an elastic sphere to the tidal distortion of a viscous planet.
In point of fact, Mrs. Hay was pleading for the very men against whom the other employes claimed to have warned her--these two halfbreeds who had defied his sentries, - - and Flint's anxieties materially increased.
Patrick Sheridan, an enlisted soldier of Boston, is one known to have been given leave to join the " Alliance . "
What is called " guide roping " thus began for me.
The twins were almost at the point of starvation when dinner was announced, though they had partaken liberally of bread and butter and jam just before leaving home.
Senator Jones of Arkansas, the nominal leader of the minority in the upper branch, lacks both the acumen and the breadth of view which are essential, and Representative Richardson, who occupies a similar position in the House, has never made a strong impression even upon his own party.
The fellow was in the final stages of starvation.
He was succeeded by his nephew Duncan, son of AEneas, accidentally shot.
It went pounding by as if it were freight from another world.
The trunks were packed and gone, the last article removed from the place, and the old stove was left to burn out its fire at the last, that it, too, might be removed next morning.
In scarcely more than ten minutes the general appeared at the mess-table.
For thee I' ve kept These tender buds of art, For thee I' ve wept O'er worlds that smiled like maidens as they slept.
It seemed months since she had been taken away.
Be very careful to go around by the road, " her father had cautioned her on leaving, " and come directly home from school as I will be anxious, " he said, when he kissed her good-bye.
" Folks said it was the saddest funeral they ever went to.
Dora couldn't help smiling, though she said severely, " I don't believe you.
She may be detained by the sick bed, or the death bed, of some sufferer who has sent for her, " replied the duke, huskily, trying to hope against hope . "
In the provinces and the country, being much more isolated and thoughtful, they are at times more or less open to some paternal restraint, but submission is with them only an exception; they only think of marriage, which will set them free and give them the right to go out into the world alone at the age of twenty-five.
A prospective son-inlaw will sometimes give labor, build a canoe, or make presents to the father of the girl, who then tells his daughter to " go sit in So-and-so's wigwam. "
Hereupon the voyagers found they were once more in the cave.
Starts back as he stares at himself in the mirror Idiot!
In th' mist iv th' flame an' smoke, I discerned th' caitiff foe standin' on top iv a fort directin' his wav'rin' foorces . "
Should succeeding volumes reach the level of scholarship of the first three, the society's publications will form one of the most important collections of source material issued in America.
The middle MacMorrogh thought not, and his younger brother agreed with him.
The semicircular pieces (d d) are also cut out and fastened on at equal distances, and also for the core prints (c c).
They came and went; perhaps toward the last they were more frequent.
A lack of principle or even of sensibility on her part would make him miserable.
She made open confession before the three of us, " warming up at the memory of that scene . "
She said nobody on earth loved her except the baby, and now the baby was dead . "
The temperature of the vast building varies but little with the seasons; going into it in winter, it seems warm, in summer it is very cold.
The doctor paused at this sharp interrogation; Long's eyes had followed him wonderingly during his long monologue . "
What the change was we can only surmise; it may have been the advent of the bloodthirsty Apache stock, or it may be that these wild nomads had already settled in part of the country and that their savage warriors became more numerous and arrogant and extended their range.
Next morning at daybreak I found my old bull on the shore, a mile below; and with him was the great cow that had hunted me away from her little one.
When you came to the house, I thought that I knew your face; and I asked your name only to clear away all doubt, before speaking of other matters.
Ryder, Sr., went back to his desk and sat for a moment in deep thought.
Phillips was speaking at that time on Simdays at the Boston Music Hall, and it was necessary to protect the assembly by getting men to act together, under orders, and guard the various approaches to the hall.
This is nothing more than the tendency of the generations downward from the ideal.
A' most beautiful' copy of the first Herodotus, Aldus , 1502, realized L2 15s.
When I asked you to trust me, you did so nobly and freely; and thanking you more than my feeble words can express, I want to show you that I was not unworthy of your confidence . "
Shortly afterwards Grant was promoted to a generalship, the highest office under our military system, while Farragut was made an admiral.
Little provision was made for the poor, and dullness was the prevailing feature of the service, There was little to distinguish the church from the meeting-house, except that its services were colder, and its sermons more scholarly and correct, but much less exciting and amusing.
Portash go' cross; save time, jus' same Indian portash . "
And this fact is prophetic of the final and universal success of this movement.
Wide is our world; we are rich; we have all things.
Bowed like an old man, blind from smoke, with simmering brain, he reeled into the water with as little dignity as his creatures.
This examination differed in severity at different times and in the different Parliaments.
BECKY They know we've been meeting every day--at least they think so.
If you had been banished as Rosalind was, I suppose you would not have thought there was any good in that; but she didn't cry about it.
There never has been such time made as under your stroke, but you're up against men to-day.
Morton, I want to introduce you to our nightingale; Miss Maverick, allow me to make you acquainted with my brother . "
Holly was twined about among the carvings, and the effigy of a knight in full armour, his crossed feet upon a crouched hound, had candles on either side and the choicest berries and glossiest leaves upon his breastplate, but she did not stop to look at these but rushed to the only door she saw besides the one she had entered, the monk watching her curiously the while.
She could ply a foil against the best of us.
The act to regulate commerce became effective April 5 , 1887, and the Commission very soon organized.
President of the United States, did then and there commit and was guilty of a high misdemeanor in office.
Our figure implies that they are, and I see no way of drawing it so as to avoid the implication.
The collection has the further present merit of enabling us to appraise the contemporary English school of historical writers.
you can hear the cries of men along the shore.
But it was beneath his dignity to run to fires.
I shall never forget the first time I saw blueberries served on the table.
" Who is so strong that he could throw you over the fire into the bushes, and who did not harm you when he might have done so, after you had struck at him with your fist? "
Fields of timothy and clover, yellowing to ripeness, took on a fresh bloom from the dew, and there was an odor of new-mown grass from the sections where the scythes had been.
That is what the Engines said, Unreported and unread; Spoken slightly through the nose, With a whistle at the close.
The Army of the Potomac caught but a few hours' sleep, and at three the next morning was again on the march.
For a girl with a sprained ankle, and a bad case of delicate conscience, has troubles enough without inviting more, " Tavia told Dorothy . "
A quiet love, a lasting trust, deep pride and pleasure "--At her gesture he broke off, sat in silence for a moment, then rising went to the window, and with slightly contracted brows stood looking out at the sunshine that was slipping away.
Already their pursuers were crowding the more open spaces below, incited by that fierce craze for swift vengeance which at times sweeps even the law-abiding off their feet.
If it was not, you may rest assured it was prior to B.C. "
It was a long and not too pleasant drive, but Joyce Lavillotte was too busy with her thoughts to mind, and Gilbert Judson too intent upon the safe guidance of her spirited team to care.
On the morrow Berenger led the duke and his party into the wood, and showed them the lair of the beast.
In the first place, I find they the English adherents were surprized and mortifyed to see the little man Beson arrive with a message from you, only to desire money, so soon after the sum you received from the gentlemen I conducted to you, and some things have been said on the head not much to the advancement of any scheme for your service.
Twelve, " she said, and a little later " eleven; " and then " ten, " and " nine; " and then " eight " and " seven, " almost together.
Let our young smokers put that in their pipe and smoke it . "
I had the morgige made one day after date ,' cause, as I said to her, it was in the nature of a temp'rary loan, but she was so tickled she'd have signed most anythin' at that pertic'ler time . '
Finally one morning she saddled Selim and, with something in her pocket for Little Buck and Beezy, set out for Hepzibah--reckon they's nothin' so turrible strange in a body goin' to the settlement when they' out o' both needles an' bakin' soda!
They spur on the minister, hector the rich, stimulate the poor, quicken the conscienceless.
Miss Severence was not attracted; but she was interested.
At headquarters, where he could be easily communicated with, and from which he could give general directions, the general awaited for a while the result of the assault.
Either you keep still or I go to my room and lock the door . "
Everything had been conducted by the shrewd lawyer, so Detective Rider had not met her at all; but he felt confident, when Mona described her, together with her dress, that she was not the mother of Jake Walton at all, but one of the " gang " who had so successfully robbed different parties during the last two or three years.
What if Lc Ventre de Paris, what if Au Boriheur des Dames, what if Pot-BoUille and L' .4rgent, could but have come into being under the New York inspiration?
She had felt this vibrating life beat beneath the frozen surface.
It is no defence for this state of things to say that the passion for notoriety of any kind has been fostered to such an extent by this wide diffusion of printed gossip, that there is a large number of people who do not dislike it, but on the contrary put themselves in the way of having their private life explored by the press.
I don't think I care to visit the Lone Stump or pass my mornings there . '
You promise, " said the chief, while his flashing glance read every messenger to the heart, " you promise that neither cougar nor cataract nor ambuscade shall deter you from the delivery of this summons; that you will not turn back, though the spears of the enemy are thicker in your path than ferns along the Santiam?
From the surging black cloud there was a steady outflow of the dead, pushed back by the living.
Lord Macaulay, in one of his speeches in Parliament, said: " Take the Cambridge Calendar, or take the Oxford Calendar for two hundred years; look at the church, the parliament, or the bar, and it has always been the case that men who were first in the competition of the schools have been first in the competition of life . "
The storm at last ceased, and these two determined to set out over the snow and send back relief to those not able to travel.
And I, believing him, promised that he should wed her and receive her lands and title when Henry Tudor became King.
( Lies down) (Re-enter Sir Peter leading Cynthia who is followed by her Aunt Lucinda.
I suppose she is spinning for herself, these days? "
The situation would be one of the greatest delicacy--one- whichooiight by all means to be " avoided.
Oughtn't we to have a dog or two? "
Ef you'd had de popoplexy in arnest, we'd make great' lowance fer you, but wen you eat an' drink till you mos' ready to bust, and den'sturb de hull meetin' by snortin' like a' potamus, dar's got to be trouble, an' I'se got to meet it . "
These unexpected strokes of humor disarmed the anger of Judge Tait, and set the whole State in a roar.
Only loyal citizens were to engage in this trade.
It was a good thing he was rich, for it took a lot of money to get me and my seven trunks through the custom-house.
It was recalled that he had a to ways been suave and genteel even in hi intercourse with political suspects; and then, press-blind Russia has a wonderfully fine sixth sense.
If zinc chloride consists of two atoms of chlorine and one of zinc (weighing 65), its molecular weight is about 136.
Morton, still guiding the machine delicately in and out through the traffic of the street, turned a shade paler under his sun-burned skin, and Patricia could see that his hand gripped almost fiercely upon the steering-wheel.
The Emperor Must be in safety ere it is too late.
It is not a mile in circumference, and all but some eighty yards of shore is defended against the angler by wide beds of water-lilies, with their pretty white floating lamps, or by tall sedges and reeds.
" De bus'ness is mighty pressin', but I hopes to see you at chu'ch by de time de services begin.
But Alexander Crummell said, slowly and heavily: " I will never enter your diocese on such terms . "
I know where the young May violet grows, In its lone and lowly nook, On the mossy bank, where the larch-tree throws Its broad dark boughs, in solemn repose, Far over the silent brook . "
Nor had any other country seen such " factory girls " as Lucy Larcom and her compeers, who contributed to that sheet.
We-ll, both, and we thought you would be most apt to know whether a fight was on.
But his criticism was a very diluted reproduction of a much stronger Article in the Nineteenth Century a year or so before.
It was yet two hours before his train went, but he had no thought of food.
But if it drives them from one mode of action to a higher and better way of life, then it benefits them.
Had the Spray's mast not been well stepped, however, it would have been " John Walker " when the stay broke.
with the subject who has not progressed too far in the wrong direction.
A time thrust is taken on the final movement of an attack, when you think you know exactly what is coming, and can judge with certainty in what line the point will, be delivered.
For Touchas' boys were not grown-up men then, and White Fawn had not met her brave who took her up to St. Ignace . "
Sarah said that Sam brought the bays around to the front door and was as lively round her and the team as he was twenty years ago when she was a maiden and he came courting her at her father's.
When Brissac rejoined the two in the forward vestibule, the stiff-bodied snake with its tin head and trailing horn was crossing the second rail of the intervening siding . "
Leave me the time for you to say some little words.
There will be some national interest in the election, owing to the fact that tariff revision will unquestionably figure in the campaign.
And Constans owed it to the friendly flames that he was once more provided with a weapon.
The situation demanded instant action on the part of a man who was not beyond his depth, while he hardly knew where he was.
So you are back, Amos, " she said, sweetly . "
Do you suppose that these people, full of associations, and devotions, and cultured enthusiasms, would have elected to call a great stretch of the most beautiful park land in the world " Central Park, " as we have done?
The very completeness of the conviction it carried with it, saturated his mind with a feeling as if the fact had really been known to him all along.
You will want to live on Olympus, and you really ought, if you are going to wear gowns woven of my sunbeams like the one you had on yesterday.
growled Caldwell; " that's not the answer.
One must look for that snake, Arthur thought, not with the eyes, but through inspiration.
Sand-whirls chased along that valley to meet a shower which was sending rain-streaks into it.
With the knowledge of drawing goes also the importance of some knowledge of mathematics, and the machinist who would attain the highest success must, whether a developed mathematician or not, be possessed of a mathematical mind; for machinery is the embodiment of mathematics, every movement of every machine being a demonstration of mathematical laws.
KID jumps to center on guard as at the beginning of a round in a fight--Laughs foolishly at his mistake.
But there was no way to achieve it because there was no way to express it.
The religious people of Kentucky, there, as elsewhere among our folk, the controlling element, shaped laws to make an end of dueling.
Father is at home, and mother is unusually well, and I thought I would best make the most of the opportunity . "
Come and spend a day next week with me.
Slowly the sheet fell from the head and the figure sat up stiffly.
Before he closed the door he turned and saw her breathing deeply with closed eyes.
His carriage was distinguished, and his fine, clearcut features indicated refinement and great strength of purpose.
I lie on my bosom, And sob to their sound; My cheek in the grass, And my lips to the ground.
Chief Justice Hutchinson himself is on record to this effect.
He had not heard the end of the argument, but he knew that Sallie would succeed; and he was neither astonished nor dismayed when Sandy came home in the middle of the day and asked him to " go down the avenue a bit . "
With eager questioning Randy asked, " And mother and Aunt Prudence? "
I shouldn't wonder if it cost twice as much . "
I stopped at our colonel's tent to say to him and his wife that Mrs. Roe had not come, then learned for the first time very startling tidings . "
The only danger of speculation consists in its momentum being apt to carry away the mind from the more laborious work of adequate verification; and therefore a true scientific judgment consists in giving a free rein to speculation on the one hand, while holding ready the break of verification with the other.
Tell her you will be very lonely if she doesn't go, and that she is the one and only thing in Corklesville that interests you outside of your work--and be sure you mention the dear girl first and the work last--and that you won't have another happy hour if she leaves you in the--" " Oh!
A noise of quarrelling children was approaching the door.
But no sooner had the man glanced upon them than he became blind; and so provoked were the fairies at this breach of hospitality that they deserted his dwelling, and never more returned to it.
John Fiske enrolls among the opponents of slavery " all the foremost statesmen in Virginia ,--Washington, Jefferson, Lee, Randolph, Henry, Madison and Mason . "
When allotting Chuntche his place among the founders of Manchu greatness, allowance must be made for this wise and far-reaching measure.
Scare-heads " in the daily prints were as much in demand for Sarah off the stage as for Sarah on it.
The Congregationalists have seventy - five missionaries and teachers among the Sioux; fourteen schools, with four hundred and fifty-two pupils; six churches, with three hundred and thirty-two church members.
As we read, how the old memories come back to us!
Undoubtedly, had nothing happened, we would have soon mated, for our liking was mutual; but the something did happen.
His only boy, who spent his mornings in sleep, his afternoons in speeding horses and his evenings in carousal, had come down upon him for ten thousand dollars to settle a gambling debt.
CHAPTER XIV Bahia to Pernambuco--The meeting of the Finance at sea--At Pernambuco--Round Cape St. Roque--A gale--Breakers--The stretch to Barbadoes--Flying-fish alighting on deck--Dismasted--Arrive at Carlysle Bay.
Now that's a watch-tower as is a watch-tower! "
Bad books' will not prove to be attractive; as a rule they are " false, dull, sentimental, and claptrap " But the managers of-libraries should not flatter readers too much, especially by giving out statistics as to authors most in demand, and books most often asked for.
The strange corps de ballet re-forms in four lines, the second and third facing each other, and the first and fourth fronting in opposite directions; men and women alternate.
The principles of a new philosophy were at Work.
Next, in a year's time or so, the book--the confounded Longepierre's Theocritus--was found in a pawnbroker's shop.
LADY CANNING Sit down, dear Mrs. Stillwater, Indiana always does her duty as Mistress of the house.
If he is checked and punished now for his cruelty, he may reform.
His friend, he confesses, " was somewhat military in his nature.
Soon the coachman came to him in the library, and in answer to his questions told how he had driven the duchess alone to the railway station to catch the night express for Marseilles . "
A moment later the men were scuffling on the floor . "
He was not asking all this as a favor.
The Easy Chair, as it has hinted, is one of these, for it has been in storage and is now out, and is serving an old use in an old place.
The Mannings had one of the splendid new houses on Chestnut Street, with spacious grounds before the houses grew so close together.
To the larboard, a league away, lay a low, endless coast of sand, as dazzling white as the surf that broke upon it, and running back to a matted growth of vivid green . "
John Austin Forget you ever said that; do what I tell you when Jinny and I have gone abroad, so she will be away from it a little, and if you want money, let me know.
Blue serge, " I answered; " store-made, but very good; must have come from Altman's or Stern's . "
She was only Darden's Audrey, but she spoke as proudly as a princess might have spoken.
The weather was pleasant, the company of the best, the roads very noble after our Highland sheep tracks.
In his types there is much sweetness of soul, charm of disposition, dignity of mien, even grandeur and majesty of presence.
She does not see the large rock lying at the bottom of the river just beyond me.
He made very few comments upon the stirring events which were crowding so closely upon one another until the reports came in regarding the prisoners.
To be brutally candid, I had a decided attack of the' unwelcomes' when I received Mr. Colbrith's wire announcing his intention of bringing his picnic party out here into the midst of things.
If any one was to ask me, I'd say I was hungry.
I didn't know there were fairy godfathers too.
Lord Manly was born with a silver spoon in his mouth, and he has thought it necessary to keep that spoon full ever since.
I should suspend my congratulations on the new liberty of France 11/161 I was informed how it had been combined with government; with public force; with the discipline and obedience of armies; with the collection of an effective and well-distributed revenue; with morality and religion; with the solidity of property; with peace and order; with social and civil manners . "
And if he is dying to-day, he is lonely even as he dies--even as he dies . "
You are to see him again, n'est-ce pas? "
Possibly he would not take any pleasure in the old marriage customs and the traditions to which they still held.
All the words of this class represent an ideal conception which practically never exists in reality.
I knew that was no way to win forgiveness, but I wasn't myself.
The founding of such a university was the dream of Washington and other great statesmen.
enter the large army of the neurasthenics, and worry themselves into their graves.
Now he is in such a state that he may be more free of speech.
They were the parerga of necessity, potboilers, such as no scholar loves but most must undertake.
The good man was in the field close by, but soon came home accompanied by his two stalwart sons each " toting " a sack of corn.
" You must know some of them, " and Arthur grinned again, so that the Minister slightly winced . "
They had a queer air of belonging to an era that had passed, to a yesterday already remote.
You will not let them rob me of my great wealth.
He sat down in Union Square to consider his position, and he came to a very rapid and positive conclusion.
Remember how he affirmed that he was pressed down, perplexed, pursued, and always bore about in his body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life of Jesus might be manifested in his mortal flesh.
Are you the lady that sashaid off with Ned Bannister? "
Lurking about the westward end of the enclosure, their beady eyes every now and then glittering in the fire-light, the Mexicans, men and boy, were smoking their everlasting papellitos, apparently indifferent to the fate that had deprived them of home and occupation.
* * * * * A black-smoking steamer was steadily approaching the drifting boat, for the lookout had reported the discovery, and the steamer was bearing down to lend succor.
In this system of architecture, roofs and floors are the same.
No one doubts the integrity of the judges by whom those decrees we entered, or does not feel, by way of apology, that the burden of the awful danger supposed to rest upon the community swayed the judicial mind, and bent its judgment.
His surprise and his pride at being able to take care of himself in an entirely unknown and unexplored element were very great.
Suburban lots range in cost from $350 to $400.
The present condition is that the white man must work, but the black one need not.
Once I had sat down among the crowd I ceased to notice it, and began to take in what was directly before me.
All you've got to do is ter cook!
In all O'Meara's memoranda after his return to New York I could find only a single direct allusion to the woman he loved.
He went out with the first look of hope his face had worn for two years.
If, after a fight, you can bring me absolute proof that Pawnee Brown and Dick Arbuckle are dead I'll give you an even twelve hundred dollars, the five hundred I borrowed and seven hundred extra.
He teaches, is a spiritual reality, and the more a man works spiritually and lives in ideas which are not of the earth, the nearer he comes to God, who is wholly spirit . "
One day, in the spring, he met Griggs when the latter was going out alone . "
Some fatteners use greaves largely, but we much prefer paunches and lights boiled and cut up.
Well, that sure is wonderful, " sez Spider . "
When they wrote to their husbands or sons that they were in straits, it meant that they were starving.
It took John Markley a long time to realise that the town was done with him, for there was no uprising, no demonstration, just a gradual loosening of his hold upon the community.
Of course, very interesting days have been experienced where the financial result was not very striking, as when, in 1799, the firm disposed of the library of the Right Hon.
Well, I'm sure, my lad, I don't know what it could ha' been, unless' t was some sort of a porpoise . "
It takes two sides to start a fight . )
The mother prayed for a reprieve or pardon for her sleepy boy whose eyes would not stay open in the sentry-box, and the worn and weary solier wanted his furlough.
The doctor went into another room, his own apartment in the friar's small house.
And, for a day or so, I've known nothing short of a miracle could save me from being wanted by the police!
" Certainly, for the present, " replied Margaret, who did not weep, but spoke in a singularly gentle voice . "
I thought her very handsome when I visited her at the House of Martha; but since I have seen her here, dressed in becoming clothes, I consider that she possesses phenomenal attractions . "
In our own generation the heroes and heroines of fiction begin to appear in real life, in dress and manner, while they are still warm from the press.
I see your thoughts, and I read them, " he said . "
The Exposition will furnish to our people an object lesson of a magnitude, scope, and significance such as has not been seen elsewhere.
They returned to their vessel and put to sea; but as they were leaving, they fired at a pilot boat in the harbor, and committed other outrages.
There are chapels for the religiously inclined and a library for the studious.
It has for years been the rule in the event of a crime in certain portions of the South, to arrest the nearest negroes, and examine them afterward, if they are not previously lynched.
A few decaying logs were scattered around, the grass grew in tufts long and fine.
Nor shall I reveal the name of my friend; I do not wish to expose him to a torrent of abuse.
while thy lover outside Pours forth those fond accents that thrill thee; O list!
Please, please, don't hurt me any more than you can help.
King he is, and King he will remain if he agrees to my terms . "
Is it not possible that physical science as well as popular opinion may have its idola, and that one of them may be that nothing can have any real existence which is not capable of being explained by the Darwinian hypothesis?
At the quarry he paused for a few moments to look down absently at the men working below, and then began to retrace his steps toward the Hall.
Returning to the temporal side of the question, the pauperizing of the people by gifts was to be very carefully avoided, and relief in food or clothing could only be given in cases of absolute starvation or nakedness.
The big engine came lumbering and lurching dangerously over the unsurfaced track in a fierce spurt for the mountain-top, its stack vomiting fire, its cylinder-cocks hissing shrilly, and its exhaust ripping the spheral silences like the barking detonations of a machine-gun.
The New Northwest fronts the watery labyrinth of Puget Sound and awaits its destiny upon the Pacific.
The King raised his head quickly and stared at the younger man with a look of distaste and surprise.
" I returned and told the Prince that Estella was even worse than the day before; that she had a high fever; and that she apologized for not obeying his summons; but that she hoped by to-morrow to be well enough to pay her respects to him . "
So shall the future world a rose of peace Blend with the tender lily of her prayers, And music sweet shall float upon her airs To melt all souls in floods of happy tears.
Himself a plantation exhorter of the ancient type, he had known no school except the fields where he had ploughed and sowed, the woods and the overhanging sky.
Bright didn't seem to care, and only gazed calmly at them . "
I pray you, my liege, " said he, " grant me leave to avenge upon the body of yonder lord the wrongs the Countess of Clare has suffered . "
A crowd is always grateful to the man who will do what everybody in the crowd feels ought to be done, but what no individual is quite ready to undertake . "
HOWARD LEFFINGWELL Then why didn't you sleep in it?
Even his abiding tenderness for his American friend did not keep him from speaking out with his usual unalloyed frankness.
It set me to thinkin' o' the time us women got the organ for Goshen church.
It is Mark Twain's imperishable glory, not simply that his name is more widely known than that of any other living man, but that it is remembered with infinite and irrepressible zest.
What I am getting at, Jack, is that your father should make up his mind not to part with his interest in the ranch till he knows all about it . "
If others saw it, if the wonder grew by what it fed on, if she was talked of, written of, pledged, and lauded by a frank and susceptible people, she knew of all this little enough, and for what she knew cared not at all.
Mould clung to the half-plastered walls, cobwebs matted the ceilings, and rotted fungi covered the filth in the corners.
Mr. Brad was not a Bohemian--that is, not at all a Bohemian of the recognized type.
Him shake, then lif' up all the same as we.
Therefore, bowing to the inevitable with what philosophy he could summon, he went home and wrote a note to the seeress, requesting an early interview and signing an assumed name.
each one is a hero, and all are my brothers.
He has written valuable articles on the Indian question, and expresses the opinion that his case is exceptional only in so far as he received exceptional treatment.
It's late now, and we must all have a rest.
Her hand was still in Amabel's and she stood there beside her, her hand so held, for a long, silent moment.
" Beauty in distress, " began Roddy briskly, " is the one thing---- " " That's what I mean, " interrupted the girl gratefully, " the way you take it, the way you make it easier for me.
No Anierican President had ever spoken words like these to the American people.
She had never seen Charlock House before; Sir Hugh had spoken of the family seat as " a dismal hole, " but, on that hot July evening of her arrival, it looked peaceful to her, a dark haven of refuge, like the promise of sleep after nightmare.
From these last, anthropoid apes and man have, he believes, been evolved.
I said to him, " Mills, the important thing for you in this matter, is to ascertain whether you are paid all that you are worth; and, that settled, whether you can make yourself worth any more.
That is all right, my friend, if only I knew who was my neighbour!
The idea which at once possessed his mind was that for some mysterious reason best known to himself the wearer had been waiting for and was following him.
In two directions the case may become abnormal: the transmitter *r the receiver may differ from the usual type of communicating persons.
It is a line art, requiring rare gifts and much experience.
Miss Vilda moved about the immaculate kitchen, frying potatoes and making tea, setting on extra portions of bread and doughnuts and a huge pitcher of milk; while various noises, strange enough in that quiet house, floated down from above . "
This not only remedied the electrical and mechanical troubles; the health of the employees was correspondingly improved, with a marked.
No new lava was anywhere | visible on this side of the mountain.
They have had a nice time in Boston--and Cousin Giles has been beauing them round and seems to like it.
In this process we can generally distinguish several stages, which, however, merge constantly into one another.
He bowed, and ran lightly up the steps . "
At the corner of the street a red-headed, blue-eyed lad, a head taller than Harry, joined the latter.
The Spaniards were said to have entombed three hundred thousand dollars in gold near Natchez.
The guide was waiting for them, wrapped to his chin in a crimson poncho, and smoking a cigarette.
A few sturdy souls, the fittest, survived--undismayed.
It has long lain forgotten and mouldering in WhiteleKtkeIs But at the pass to which Democracy has now come, with organized deinagogism, party government, and the caucus, those who are seeking a way of escape from revolution on the one hand and reaction on the other may not disdain to glance at the Instrument of Government.
He fills some hearts with love and denies it to others; and the heart that has been denied is cursed, through no fault of its own--simply because it has not received--while the other heart is blessed.
That is about where the entrance to St. Andrew's Bay ought to be, if my calculations were correct.
He captured with a handful of men the fortress of Inversnaid; he fell, severely wounded, at Prestonpans, and called out, as he lay on the ground ,' My lads, I am not dead!
Another twelve hours and I should have been past hope.
The great man was as animated as a cricket (this was his society manner), and upon being presented to Viola began paying her the most marked and absorbed attention, hopping briskly from one heavy German compliment to another, quite unaware, apparently, that she was anything more than a very pretty girl.
Also he had eyes of the color of ripe gooseberries.
What tribe was it in sacred writ that wore bunnits? "
The Arabs call them ESSENAM, and according to tradition they were erected in fulfillment of a vow made in the hope of arresting the march of an enemy.
Martine believed that Helen's face and voice would accomplish everything.
Churches you will always find, baths are less numerous, but shops abound everywhere.
I think the mills of the Gods are grinding this grist, " said Elnora, " and we might as well wait patiently until they choose to send a Yellow Emperor . "
And there on the porch, stretched at his ease, was that gentleman himself, apparently waiting for her, for he rose to meet her, and arched his back, and purred with great friendliness.
A conspiracy to organise a general assault upon the Apostolic group was discovered in time; and the missionaries?
One plant was injured; it was the one which people had admired and praised.
" Note the same set aside for the Prince of India.
If you are not with me in this, go back to your cable, and tell the man in Octavia that it's a warm day, and that the sun is shining; but if you've any spirit in you, - - and I think you have, - - run to the office and get my Winchester rifles, and the two shot guns, and my revolvers, and my uniform, and a lot of brass things for presents, and run all the way there and back.
No one knows these // facts to be true better than the opponents of the bill; but their difficulty is that they cannot bring forward their real and honest objection, and so they resort to much shrieking and many epithets.
LEVERING - - the outcast women might take advantage of the shelter these decent, cheap places offered.
Yet, strange to tell, in all that time it never did drop to pieces, like other old nests.
I have no objection to pearls in a necklace, or in the pockets, but TEETH are what are wanted in a mouth, and Henny has just the finest set I know of . "
When he had cleaned it out, he tuk another without doin' much questionin' as to the bill of fare.
The sooner I get through all the meetings and greetings, the sooner I will have some rest.
" What kind of man is your king? "
" Well, I haven't asked you anything, yet, have I? "
I sort o' half nodded my head, an' she went on into the house . "
Just as our own unionists have striven to cripple the militia, the Italian " reds " find their most formidable enemy in the army.
I mean that I can move away and take another lodging.
That admiration is felt by many of bis opponents scarcely less than by his friends.
S. Has anyone asked for me during my absence?
Ted, you will have to look after your sisters . '
And the old man slouched away full of indignation at the barrenness of the heavenly promises.
A sound, half sob, half giggle, came from the parched lips of Eugene Madrillon, as he patted Tom on the shoulder without speaking, and Crailey nodded quietly, then left the group and went to the eastern edge of the roof and looked out upon the crowd.
She is so dear to me--and much too generous.
p. 11 LORD CARDINGTON Perfectly, I only wanted a smell of it.
Perhaps it is true that the commonplace needs no defense, since everybody takes it in as naturally as milk, and thrives on it.
Now that this new danger was past, I rode on heavy-hearted enough, for I had grown to love Jerome, and blamed him little for his sudden touch of fury.
So she let the two little Dream-Fairies flutter across her shoulders and clamber up her cheeks to their proper places upon her eyelids.
But then, it does nothing else to him.
Without beating about the bush, I am going to say, at once and frankly, that my dear son, Jack, has become deeply attached to this charming niece of yours.
Here one may study Rembrandt the master of religious subjects, as it has been impossible to do at the Hudson-Fulton show And this Keppel collection is rich, no less, in his etched landscapes.
No doubt the blacksmiths and harness dealers would themselves welcome a remedy for the present state of things, when the employer's purchasing power is too often regulated by the?
It was, therefore, with some doubt that Elizabeth Eliza proposed sending a telegram to her father.
Apparently it is unseemly for an author or two to be making half as much by their pens as popular ministers often receive in salary; the public is used to the pecuniary prosperity of some of the clergy, and at least sees nothing droll in it; but the paragrapher can always get a smile out of his readers at the gross disparity between the ten thousand dollars Jones gets for his novel, and the five pounds Milton got for his epic.
She was like a Muscovy duck among game fowl.
B It divides into two halves by a constriction in the middle.
Some time ago a gentleman was entertaining two or three friends at his house, when a policeman suddenly appeared, seeking, he said, for a thief.
Some of these existed in his day, but most of them have now disappeared before the march of modern improvements, until the place has very much the appearance outwardly of a modern nineteenth-century dwelling.
I stared in sheer amazement at Michael, wondering if the strangely spent night had upset his reason.
And Cullen said before him " Neither the acutest genius nor the soundest judgment will avail in judging of a particular science, in regard to which they have not been exercised.
It would look like base desertion for him to sell out; indeed, he did not believe that he could sell the stock if the facts of the case should become known.
I've noticed a change in Lily--she's too anxious to please--and she don't always tell the truth.
Although Tsongching had some nominal successors, he was, strictly speaking, the last of the Ming emperors, and with him the great dynasty founded by Hongwou came to an end.
We of the Balkans should never accept favors from the hand of Austria.
To Mistress Susan this incident was exciting while it lasted, but when the dandy had disappeared her attention was again attracted to Constance and Saint-Prosper, who slowly approached.
He pauses a moment, and then adds in an undertone: Good God, Arthur Frietchie!
During the Medicean period of Italian art, cameos were cut in most fantastic forms; sometimes a negro head would be introduced simply to exhibit a dark stratum in the onyx, and was quite without beauty.
Where one town-crier with stout legs and lusty lungs was once all - sufficient to spread the town news.
The English is the most warlike race in Europe, most redoubtable in battle, most impatient of slavery . "
The doctor did not say so directly, but I judged from one or two little remarks that he and Pelagie had had a thorough clearing up of all their misunderstandings and were once more on the old confidential terms.
The officer had heard many moans and cries, but this moaning was unlike anything he had ever heard.
When it was seen that both had lain abroad, The wolf-skins of their couches made that plain As pike-staff, or the mole on Gillian's cheek, The servants stared.
It was eight o'clock and still quite light when we came out, and there was a line of four- wheelers and a hansom ready for us.
" Yes, I see it is small, and that goes to strengthen my suspicions . "
He directed Mr. Amblen to stop her, so as to permit the gunboat to come alongside of her.
THE 11th of May gave promise of a little rest for everybody, as the commander expressed his intention to spend the day simply in reconnoitering for the purpose of learning more about the character and strength of the enemy's intrenchments, and discovering the weakest points in his line, with a view to breaking through.
To our lonely, sober thought the earth is a wild unexplored.
They may not even scuttle all the craft they capture.
The type is clear and the print fair, but not good enough for the numerous half-tones that are scattered through the text.
Buoyancy had set every nerve to tingling; and the elation of the knowledge that success had actually come, quivered from him like a rosy aura.
" The worst wounds are those our own hands inflict . "
It puzzled me at first, but soon the fact upon me broke--The fore-wheels of the wagon had thus to the hind-wheels spoke.
I cook plenty fine; standum watch for you . "
Some of these were taken to London by Strzelecki; and in 1844 a great English scientist, Sir Roderick Murchison, read a paper before the Royal Geographical Society in which he expressed a theory similar to that of Mr. Clarke.
Against an army thus equipped a regiment would now be more than sufficient.
One has only to consider that the great writers whom the boy and girl are rapidly learning to love and appreciate were not // producers, did not themselves find great expression, until after this period of most active appropriation.
At his suggesting this, however, Margaret laughed through her tears, and presently struggled into something like composure . "
Was he after Carl and the men, or getting ready to burn the other stable? "
I found by the amount of work done in three minutes' or less time that I had by no means grown stiff-jointed on the voyage; anyhow, scurvy had not set in, and being now within a few degrees of home, I might complete the voyage, I thought, without the aid of a doctor.
For myself I do not think that House could seem anything like the same assembly as it was when I knew it, since it no longer displays the sparkling drolleries of Sir Wilfrid Lawson and of Henry Labouchere.
He said it was " a terrible life, " and having paid his debts, and saved somewhat besides, he returned to New Haven to begin the study of law.
If a perfect copy of Major Molineux' cannot be found, I think the imperfect copy had better be sent to me, and I will rewrite what is missing.
The various attempts of Russia to got a foothold in Korea in the guise of trading stations evince a total disregard of Japanese sensibilities and contempt of Japanese resources.
No, my dear, I cannot, " answered the duke, regretfully . "
They noted (unconsciously, of course ,) every detail.
The average intelligence of the middle class in China is, next to Japan, perhaps, the highest among the Asiatic nations.
Well, I'd rather be shot than have this Dutchman tagging around after me.
I knew that my eye was more quick to see, my brain to conceive, and my hand to execute than ever before; but it was as though I held that knowledge of some other, and I myself was far away, at Weyanoke, in the minister's garden, in the haunted wood, anywhere save on that barren islet.
We may probably discover its meaning by the peculiarities of our mental endowments or the advice of friends; by the necessity of our circumstances or the prompting of the Holy Spirit.
What for many years remained a school library has been metamorphosed into the new municipal Free Public Library, which entered upon its career a year or two ago.
Indiana had proposed the name of her favorite son, " the Tall Sycamore of the Wabash, " D. XV.
cried Jefferson, starting forward to protect the girl he loved . "
European races can thrive and multiply both in the British colonies and in the two republics.
He was up at the old man's now, said the impatient ones, fooling away the time with the girls when he ought to be there answering their questions and appeasing their curiosity.
Forgetting their wounds and fatigue, they dashed in revengeful fury on the flying foe, cutting them down by hundreds as they fled.
The best thing about it was the view from the windows of our sleeping-rooms, and the fact that we could stable our automobile under the same roof.
Had this system been adopted in 1880, when strikes became fashionable in Italy, very possibly, in this new century, we should not have heard of any more.
" I've noticed that lately, " replied Tavia, pressing both hands to her cheeks to stop, if possible, the burning of the mullen leaves . "
" But you may bet your last dollar the man in black knows . "
It ain't what you said, it's the sound o' your voice . "
George Herbert wrote some prose very like his verse.
She does not deserve it--and she never durst ask me for it . "
When all had been done, the Major gently put his arm about his daughter and said that she must go home with him . "
Gibbon says of himself that " in circumstances more indigent or more wealthy " he " should never have accomplished the task or acquired the fame of ami historian . "
" Yes, " said Helen, " very, indeed; they have lived in this part of the country since the Revolution . "
I had the sloop soon under good control, however, and in a short time rounded to under the lee of a mountain, where the sea was as smooth as a mill-pond, and the sails flapped and hung limp while she carried her way close in.
She was in a whirl of terror of everything under heaven.
She put her lips to the crack and cried: " I am no wandering soul, but a poor woman!
These observations were confirmed by Schmidt in 1875 with the 14-feet refractor at Berlin.
The little giant would have been pleased to pass off his antagonist as a tall dwarf.
Her life had been mostly spent with older people; she had never known till now the rapture of being a little girl, a little boy.
' If this yere industrious hold-up keeps up his lick ,' says Texas Thompson about the third time the stage gets rustled, an' heads off a few more letters of mine, all I has to say is my wife back in Laredo ain't goin' to onderstand it none.
For a radical empiricism, knowledge would consist of descriptive generalizations based upon the summation of instances.
May th' state be as pure in motive and plan, As the maple from evil is free.
The references at the bottom of page 92 are cited as from " Castiglione "; they refer in fact to Thomas Hoby's translation of Castiglione, " The Book of the Courtier " (probably the " Tudor Translations " reprint , 1900).
If the most illustrious Madonna were to die without children, this dowry was to be returned, as was stipulated in the case of the Duchess of Milan.
You've got a bet up yourself, haven't you?
Estimates of their numbers soon went as high as 1,500, which in all probability represented-more or less loosely canvassed and registered Southern sympathizers of a military disposition.
It was in my sturdier days, " the veteran said, with a dismal glance at his shrunken hands . "
Be calm, I pray you; but a tremendous change has been affected at Delgratz.
The islands that they have pre-empted have been " set off " by act of the Legislature from the nearest coast towns, in order that the towns may not have the unfortunates on their hands as paupers.
Such men stand for the past, for the things that have been tried, and that have stood the trial so well, as they think.
Just one other point, " he resumed mercilessly, " a point which a few years ago would have been inexplicable--if not positively misleading and productive of actual mistake.
At last I saw the red light beginning to touch the clouds along the eastern horizon with its crimson brush.
Contemporary with Edward was another book-collector of a very different type, an abbot of Peterborough, Richard of London, who had a' private library' of ten books, including the' Consolation of Philosophy ,' which he may have formed in London.
he said, holding up his lanthorn so that the light fell on the man's haggard face and unkempt hair . '
IN the recent papers in THE CENTURY on the seizure of California frequent mention has been made of the instructions brought across Mexico by Archibald H. Gillespie, " Confidential Agent of the United States for California, " and communicated by him to Larkin and to Fr3mont.
You know olive oil don't give the brightest illumination.
None that see me shall think that I am stricken down . "
Where did the Grant boy learn to row? "
Think ,...there's no life freer--no life in the which a man's so true a man.
fense; exposing- the.fraud ,' Katzmann - Aid not?
said a breathless, hearty voice, " what the deuce y' been doing with my pardner?
There were twelve plates set, though only nine were needed to-night.
The great tide of emigration that set in with the building of the National Road was still flowing west; while the railroads and telegraph were just beginning to push their way after it.
From the west came black wind-swept clouds to meet the sun, and in the south the angered God of Thunder spoke.
a rather striking-looking Jewish cast of physiognomy, with long love locks, attracted my eye, and she said, " That is Disraeli; would you like to know him? "
General Grant could scarcely believe at first that Lee had left his strong intrenchments to give battle in a region little better than a jungle; but he soon had ample and awful proof of the fact.
Rutledge preferred to keep it, as it was, based on the States.
Thereupon Don Joan de Camudio, entered El Pinal with his ship and there he was furnished with everything needful by the Chinese at a moderate price while the Spaniards went to and fro on the river upon their business to Canton in lorchas 106 and champans.
Here Peter looked at his watch and rose from the table . "
Who should this be but he whose arm was chief To throne us here?
Cue--At exit of Lord Canning, " I shall not give in, " rose calcium out.
Culver leaned back in his chair, his glance bent upon a discolored statue of Psyche in the court-yard . "
You and I go not back to San Miguel unless you air my vife . "
The fixity or certainty of tenure must go pan jassu with an increase in pay.
No finer solitude for a hunter and prospector could be found; the climate is delightful all the year, and the scenery of both earth and sky is a perpetual feast.
Then Ducky-daddles waddled down, and " Hrumph, " snapped Foxy-woxy, and Ducky-daddles' head was off and Ducky-daddles was thrown alongside Turkey-lurkey and Goosey-poosey.
' He doesn't leave the office in business hours . "
, // in the ruins of a castle which had formerly belonged to the Arabs.
I didn't know I should be so glad of it . "
" Well, " said I, naturally feeling rakish after this, " I will tell you.
CHAPTER XXV The news of MacFarlane's expected departure soon became known in the village.
As I descended from my horse Admiral Chadwick himself, who had with Minister Gummere awaited my arrival even until this late hour, for it was now nearly | midnight, grasped me by the arm, and thus was I literally restored to my family by the gallant officer in command of the fleet which the United States government had so generously sent to my rescue.
A girl's laugh dropt from heaven like a star Leads where thou art.
The wind was due West and blowing half a gale, so where they were standing--one of the most exposed parts of the ship--it was difficult to keep one's feet, to say nothing of hearing anyone speak.
Fermentations inimical to the best assimilation of food are likely to arise.
He was now perhaps two miles from the camp and seemingly in complete solitude.
But you have not answered, " he urged, " you have not even tried to show me wherein I am wrong . "
His hands and feet Will turn to paws, and he will seem a dog.
It's your business, sir, to look after passengers in a fix like this and I'm going to make it my business to see that you attend to yours . '
No, " he answered, " they lived them.
