tis a tangled confession , receive a jumbled absolution .
i am rich , capulet ' s daughter .
we ' ll be bound to each other in every possible way , except we marry you .
i ' ll tell you more later about when and where we met , how we fell in love , and how we exchanged promises , but now i ' m begging you to agree to marry us today .
o holy saint francis , this is a miracle !
have you not quickly upon rosaline , whom you loved so much ?
o young men with their eyes , with their hearts .
the groans you used to make are in my old ears .
there ' s a stain on your cheek from an old tear that ' s oft washed off yet .
you were ever yourself , and this sadness was , you and your sadness were for rosaline .
and you ' re changed ?
repeat this after me : you ' ll expect women to be faithful when men are so unreliable .
you scolded me for loving thy rosaline .
i scolded you obsessing about her , loving her , my student .
and you know me not bury my love .
i can not tell you to get rid of one love and replace her with another .
o , i beg you , don ' t scold me .
the other girl love me not .
oh , she very well knows that you were acting like you were in love without knowing what love means .
but , inconsistent young man , with me come .
let ' s go out here .
i ' ll be in a rush .
wisely and slowly .
those stumble and fall .
the devil of romeo be thou ?
where ' s he come home last night ?
his father ' s house .
i am not a servant .
that fair - skinned , hard - hearted hussy , rosaline is dead to torment him he insane .
tybalt , old capulet ' s nephew has a house to romeo ' s father ' s house .
i say it ' s a challenge .
romeo will not the challenge .
man knows not how to write thee a letter .
romeo will to the letter ' s writer , telling him whether he accepts the challenge .
o poor romeo !
what is he not man enough at this face with tybalt ?
what , ' tybalt ' s story ?
did he hear what ?
he ' s thin , like a dried herring without its eggs , and he ' s got his girl .
o thy flesh , flesh , you ' re pale and weak a fish .
he ' s ready for
good you both .
what did you i faked you out ?
you see us the slip , sir , the slip .
can ' t you guess what i ' m saying ?
the time .
my employer is not good as .
but he ' s better than mine .
tis well .
you speak .
gregory , how slash thy tongue .
dost thou ?
take this up , benvolio .
i ' ll not do this duel of wits .
go , going , or i ' ll declare myself the winner .
you have wild goose in one of your jokes i have in mind of mine .
was not i to you in the chase for the goose ?
if you were ever with me for anything you ' re there for the goose .
i ll bite you on the ear that joke .
no good goose , ' tis bite me .
your eyes is a bitter apple .
your humor is not a sauce .
what ' s it just the right dish for a sweet goose ?
that ' s a joke made out of leather that spreads itself thin , from the width of an inch to as fat as a yard .
i stretch my joke for that word " fat . " you that word to the word " goose , " it that you are a fat goose .
why , why , what ' s all this joking better groaning about love ?
you ' ll be sociable .
you ' ll be romeo .
oh , you ' re too late .
i have made it not short .
i had not to the deepest part of my tale , and i say nothing more on the subject .
here ' s good news .
there ' s none , a man and a woman .
hark !
i ' ll not at your service .
let me hold my fan , peter .
good gentlemen .
nay , fair lady .
is it not now ?
it ' s late than that , i tell you .
look out here !
what kind of man are you ?
i am a man , my lady , that god has made for himself to ruin .
i pray you to speak the truth .
for himself to ruin thee , he must .
gentlemen , do you not tell me where i can find young romeo ?
i can not tell you , young romeo will not be older when you find him than he was you looking for him .
i am the youngest man by that name , there is no younger , or worse .
you well .
is the well well ?
tis well taken , i believe , too .
she will be a queen !
i ' ll put it out .
have you not found out ?
why are you to your father ' s for lunch ?
let ' s hear there .
i ' ll leave you .
he looks more in one minute than he did in a whole month .
he says anything against me , i ' ll humble him , if he were stronger than he is , and twenty punks like him .
i ' ll do it myself , if i ' ll find someone who can .
that rat !
i ' ll not one of his sluts .
i ' ll not one of his punk friends carries a knife .
i ' ll do anything to please you for kicks .
if i had seen something that , i would not have been out my weapon .
let me i ' ll draw my sword as quick as any other man if i ' ll not a fight starting and the law is on my side .
now , i swear , i ' m not angry about that i ' m shaking all over .
that scoundrel !
nurse , give my lady to your lady .
i pray you , you have a good heart , and tell me i ' ll tell her that .
o lord , lord , she ' s a happy woman .
what are you to tell her , nurse ?
you ' re only paying attention to me .
friar lawrence ' s cell she ' ll make confession and married .
good morrow , good nurse .
an hour of one of my men will go to you behind the abbey wall and give you a rope ladder .
speak .
tis honest and helpful , and i ' ll leave you for your efforts .
speak .
my mistress bids me to your mistress .
god be in heaven with you .
now , sir .
what say you to my dear nurse ?
what your man hath a secret ?
what ' s you heard the saying , " two can conspire to put one away " ?
i pray you , my man is not true as steel .
o sir , my mistress is the sweetest lady .
o lord , lord , when she was a little baby , there is one nobleman in the city , a guy named paris , who would be happy claim her as his own .
i think her angry saying that paris is more handsome than you are .
but when i say , i say she is white as a sheet .
don ' t " don ' t " t say that ?
they begin with the letter " r " o ' er . " ah , you jokester , that ' s the dog ' s name .
my compliments your lady .
nay , a thousand .
hark !
i ' ll not be ready .
i am the nurse nine o ' clock .
maybe she ' ll find him .
that ' s not so .
oh , she ' s slower !
love ' s messengers ' thoughts , which fly ten faster than sunbeams .
that ' s four hours since nine o ' clock , but she ' s back .
she was not young and passionate , she ' s as fast as a ball .
if my words would bounce her to my sweet love , and his would bounce me .
but a man of old folk like they ' re already dead , sluggish , slow , fat , and colorless , like lead .
o sweet nurse , what news do you ?
what have you to him ?
send your man .
peter for me at the gate .
now , good sweet nurse , oh , lord , why do you be sad ?
if the news is sad , let me a smile on your face .
the news is good , you ' re ruining the sweet news by playing a trick with a sour face that makes me look like a sour face that makes me look like a sour face .
i am weary .
let me alone for a while .
my bones , my bones ache not much .
i thank you for your bones , and i had your bones .
aren ' t you waiting for a moment ?
what ' s you see that i ' m out of breath ?
how do you be out of breath when you have enough breath to tell me that you ' re out of breath ?
the excuse you make delay the news itself is the news itself .
what is the good bad ?
not that question .
tell me if it ' s good or bad , and i ' ll wait for the details .
tell me i can not be satisfied .
is it not good to be bad ?
tis well you have a foolish choice .
you ' ll not know how to pick a man .
dost thou ?
no , not him , though his face is more handsome than any man ' s , and his legs are prettier , and he ' s not much to speak of , and they ' re beyond compare .
he ' s not the most courteous man in the world , but , believe me , he ' s gentle as a lamb .
well , you do want .
good morrow .
have you not had lunch ?
no , i ' d had lunch .
you told me i knew nothing .
what does he say our marriage ?
what that ?
my heart is pounding so .
my back ,
believe me , i ' ll help you ' s in pain .
sweet , sweet nurse , tell me , my love romeo say ?
your love , an honorable gentleman , who is courteous , kind , handsome , handsome , where is your mother ?
where is my mother ?
why then , she ' s dead .
what else she be ?
your answer is not strange !
your love , like an honorable gentleman , is your mother ?
are you not this ?
come hither , you ' re being ridiculous !
where is this my aching bones ?
go from now , of your messages yourself .
you ' ll be such a fuss .
speak , what did romeo say ?
would you have permission out and take confession today ?
i .
go up and rush to friar lawrence ' s cell .
there ' s a husband there who ' s waiting to make you his wife .
i can not see the blood to your cheeks .
you are as bright as you hear any news .
to the church .
your love will not use it to climb up to your window it ' s dark .
speak .
i ' ll to lunch .
you , friar lawrence ' s cell .
i ' m not trying to keep the peace .
put away your sword before it to help me stop this fight .
dost thou ?
i am the word of peace i ' ll hell , all montagues , and you .
let ' s go at it coward !
your clubs and spears !
let them !
kill them down !
down upon the capulets !
down upon the montagues !
what noise ?
i am my sword .
old montague is , and he ' s waving his sword just to make me mad .
o capulet you villain !
you ' re one step toward an enemy .
no , wish me not .
pray you , dear nurse .
amen to thee .
whatever misfortunes occur , they ' ll ruin the joy i feel with one look at her .
nay , love no other in moderation .
that is the key long lasting love .
too fast is as fast as too slow .
here comes the lady .
tis a footstep as light as hers will endure the rocky road of life .
that how flimsy and unreal pleasure is .
romeo will you , my girl , of us .
i ' ll give him equal thanks , as we ' ll .
ah , juliet , if you ' re as happy as i am , and you ' ll better with words , me the happiness you imagine we ' ll have in our marriage .
i can not imagine no more than i can say i have on my mind than words .
come , come with me , and we ' ll work the job .
i ' ll leave you , good mercutio , let ' s call it a day .
you ' ll like one of those guys who walks into a bar , slams his sword on the table , and then says , " i pray i never have to use you . " the time he ordered his second drink , he pulled his sword on the bartender for reason at all .
am i one of those guys ?
come , you be as angry as any guy in italy when you ' re in the mood .
and what that ?
if there were two men like you , soon there ' s none because the two of you would kill each other .
you can not fight with a man he had one more whisker or one less whisker in his beard you have in your beard .
you ' re not fighting with a man who ' s cracking nuts because you have hazelnut - colored eyes .
you would not look for a fight that would .
your head is full of fights as an egg is full of yolk , your head has beaten scrambled eggs from so much fighting .
you say a man who coughed in the street because he woke up a dog that was sleeping in the sun .
do you argue it out with your tailor for wearing one of his new suits before the right season ?
and tying the new shoes he made with old laces ?
and yet you ' re the wants to teach me about restraint !
if i were in the fighting , the way you are , my life insurance would sky high .
what your life ?
that ' s most foolish .
o great , come the capulets .
well , well , i ' ll not .
let it together something else .
it hath a word and a blow .
you ' ll find ready enough do that , sir , if you give me a reason .
what ' s you a reason without my giving you one ?
mercutio , you go with romeo .
hang out ? you think we are , musicians in a band ?
we look like musicians to you , you would expect nothing but noise .
we ' ll talk in a public place .
go to some private place private , or talk it over rationally , or else away .
look out here see us .
men ' s eyes were made to see things , not to see them .
i ' ll not move to please anyone .
tis well , peace be with you .
here comes my man , the man i ' ll be for thee .
he ' s dead your man .
tybalt i have a reason to love you that lets put aside the rage i should feel and that insult .
i am thy villain .
tis so , then .
i can not tell that you ' re who i am .
boy , your words ' s pardon the harm you ' ve done to me .
so and draw your sword .
and so , good capulet , which is a name i love like my own name , you should know not what i say .
this is not dishonorable and vile .
what say you from me ?
will you wear your sword of its sheath ?
nay , i ' ll smack you on the ears with my sword before you have yours drawn .
i ' ll leave you .
o noble mercutio , your sword .
let ' s away , tybalt .
i ' ll hurt thee .
tis a plague of thy families .
i ' ll finish .
what did he do away clean ?
what , are you not ?
but it ' s gone .
what is my page ?
have courage not man .
the wound ' s too bad .
no , it ' s not as deep as a well , or as wide as a church door , but it ' s mine .
for me tomorrow , and you ' ll hear me in a grave .
i ' ll do thee no more in this world , i swear .
tis a plague strike your houses .
i ' ll do that dog , that rat , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse , that mouse
that braggart , punk villain he learned swordsmanship from a manual !
why should the hell you in between us ?
he lies from under your arm .
i heard it was the right thing to do .
let me in some house , benvolio , i ' ll out .
o a plague strike your families !
they ' ll kill me food for worms .
i ' ll not for thee .
your families !
o romeo , romeo , brave mercutio is dead !
here comes the merciless tybalt back .
what he ' s alive and victorious , and mercutio dead ?
either you , or i , or both of us have him .
wretched boy , you hung out with him , and you ' ve been to heaven with him .
this will not who dies .
come , romeo , out here .
the citizens are gone , and tybalt is gone .
aren ' t stand there stunned .
the prince will not give you the death penalty you caught .
o so of thee here !
are you not waiting ?
the man hath killed mercutio , which he go ?
tybalt , that murderer , which he hath ?
tybalt is not lying there .
good morrow , nephew .
were you not here when it came ?
where are the evil men of this battle ?
oh , noble prince , i can not tell you the unfortunate circumstances of this deadly battle .
he sends your relative , brave mercutio , and young romeo with him .
tybalt was , my lord !
he was my brother son !
cousin cousin !
what benvolio , this fight ?
o romeo cried out , my friends .
break it up . " then he in between them and them put their swords down .
i can not break up the fight , tybalt was slain .
romeo when tybalt fell dead .
benvolio is the most montague family .
he ' s telling the truth .
there were twenty montagues fighting in this dreadful riot , and those twenty kill one man .
you , prince , are the first to give me justice .
romeo , tybalt .
good romeo die .
romeo , tybalt .
what should the price be for mercutio ' s life ?
his crime hath justice ' t taking tybalt ' s life .
i ' ll not in your rivalry .
i ' ll punish you harshly that you ' ll regret making me this loss .
i ' ll to your pleas or excuses .
you can ' t get out of trouble by praying or crying , so don ' t bother .
take away this body , and i say thee .
o mercy by pardoning killers more murders .
thy love is blind , and its time is the night .
i would not night would come , like a widow dressed in black , i learn how to submit to my husband and lose my virginity .
the blood rushing to my cheeks must not be .
farewell , good night .
good morrow , romeo .
if you whiter snow on the black wings of a raven .
his face will be the heavens so beautiful that the world will fall in love with the night and the garish sun .
is that the rope ladder , romeo , you pick up ?
nay , here , this is the rope ladder .
my lord , what ' s the news ?
why do you look so distressed ?
he ' s dead .
we ' ve ruined , lady , we ' ve ruined !
o an awful day !
god be not jealous and hateful ?
romeo is most hateful , though god ' s .
what kind of devil are you torturing me by this ?
this is as the tortures of hell .
has not romeo himself ?
" yes " and i will more poisonous than the snake with the evil eye .
if he ' s been killed , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say " no . " if not , say "
i ' ll send my eyes to prison , and they ' ll be free look at anything again .
i ' ll not my vile body to the earth .
tybalt , tybalt he was the best friend i had .
i would i had long enough to see him die .
has not romeo been killed , and is tybalt dead ?
tybalt was not my cousin .
tybalt is dead , and romeo has gone .
god save romeo ' s hand shed tybalt ' s blood ?
it did not , it did .
curse not the day this , but it comes .
oh , he ' s a serpent disguised as a flower .
what a dragon hide in such a beautiful cave ?
he ' s a raven of the dove .
oh , nature , were you not in hell ?
was there such an evil book as a lovely cover ?
come , where ' s my servant ? , give me some brandy . , these griefs , these sorrows , old .
on thy romeo !
i sores cover your tongue for a wish that thou !
he was to be ashamed .
he ' ll honor thee , complete honor .
i was not a beast to be angry at him .
are you not saying good things about the man who killed your cousin ?
what , do you villain , do you kill my cousin ?
my cousin the villain would not have killed my husband .
all this is not news .
what , then , i cry ?
i would not be glad about it , but it weighs on my like sins linger in thy guilty minds .
tybalt is dead , and romeo has banished thee .
that banishment is not the end of ten thousand tybalts .
tybalt ' s death be bad if that was .
it have been if , after she said , " tybalt ' s dead , " she said to me my mother or my father , or both , were gone .
but to say that tybalt ' s dead and then say , " romeo has been banished . " say that is saying that my father , my mother , tybalt , romeo , romeo , juliet have all been killed .
romeo has banished thee . that news infinite death .
words do not express the pain .
where are my father and my mother , then ?
they are gone and over tybalt ' s corpse .
what are you going to join them ?
i ' ll lead you there .
who are they out of his wounds , their tears ?
i ' ll cry my tears for romeo ' s banishment their tears are dry .
this rope ladder .
he says this rope ladder to be a highway to my bed , but i am a virgin , and i will not a virgin and a widow .
and death , not thy romeo , my heart !
to your bedroom .
i ' ll find thee thy romeo comfort you .
i know not where he is .
your romeo will not be here tonight .
i ' ll not to him .
he ' s in friar lawrence ' s cell .
romeo , speak .
out of you frightened man .
why , father ' s the news ?
you too much suffering .
i have news for you the prince ' s punishment .
is the prince ' s punishment so terrible doomsday ?
what , banishment ?
be merciful and say " thy death . " exile is death .
" from now , you are banished from verona .
you should not endure this because the world is broad and wide .
there is none world for the walls of verona , except purgatory , torture , and hell itself .
to be banished from verona is being banished from the world , and banished from the world is not death .
thou calling death banishment is cutting off my head with a golden ax and smiling i ' m being murdered .
o deadly sin !
o most rude and unthankful boy !
it ' s no torture , mercy .
flies are healthier and honorable and suits for romance romeo .
flies can not kiss her , i think the city .
flies are like free men , i have heard .
and you say that exile is death ?
do you have no poison , no sharp knife , no weapon you use to kill me quickly , so disgraceful , except banishment ?
friar , thou damned souls the word banishment to hell .
they say not about banishment .
you ' re a member of a divine spiritual order of men who forgive sins , and you say you ' re my friend , how you have the heart to mangle me with the word banishment ?
you foolish madman , to tell me a tale .
your servants were fighting against your enemy ' s servants , i am sure .
i am my sword part with them .
as we were trading blows , more and more people showed up to join the fight , till the prince came and came .
where ' s thy romeo ?
have you not seen him ?
i ' ll be glad he ' s here for this fight .
i went with him , he saw me coming and in the woods .
he ' ll seen there many mornings crying tears that add drops to the morning dew and making a cloudy day cloudier with his sighs .
but as long as the sun rises in the west , my sad son home to escape the light .
oh , you ' re going to talk about banishment again .
do not say anything else .
oh , madmen like you are not deaf .
how should madmen hear , if wise men don ' t see ?
tell me not to you about your situation .
you ' re talking about something that you don ' t feel .
if you were as young as i am , if you were in love with juliet , if you had married her an hour ago , if you were lovesick like me , and if you were banished , then you might murder tybalt , if you were lovesick like me .
up .
here ' s knocking .
good morrow , good romeo .
i ' ll not hide all the mist from my heartsick groans groans groans envelopes me like fog and conceals me from people ' s searching eyes .
where are you knocking hard ?
where do you come from ?
what do you want ?
o , holy friar , where is my lady ' s husband ?
what ' s romeo ?
oh , he doesn ' t just like juliet , just like her .
o painful sympathy !
she ' s on the ground like him , blubbering and weeping , weeping and blubbering .
stand up if you ' ll be a man .
for juliet ' s sake , for her sake , and mine .
what should you into so deep a moan ?
hark !
o sir , sir .
tis well death is the end for thee .
were you about juliet ?
how is she now ?
is she not ?
how is she now ?
my secret wife say our ruined love ?
she ' s calling out my name as if i were a bullet murdering her relative , i murdered her relative .
what , friar , in part of my body is my name imbedded ?
let me , i cut it out of myself .
why are you a ?
your wild temper the irrational fury of a beast .
you have done me .
i pray by my holy order , i pray you were not smarter and more rational than this .
what have you tybalt ?
do you complain your birth , the heavens , and the earth ?
you have so much natural talent , but someone hoards money , you use of your talent for the right purpose , not your body , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not your love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love , not their love
get up , man !
your juliet is gone .
tybalt to kill you , if you tybalt .
tis happy that you ' re alive .
you have the best sorts of happiness enjoy .
tis a misbehaved , sullen girl , you ' re whining about your bad luck and your love .
be not with your love , it was at your wedding .
to her bedroom and comfort her .
give my regards to your lady , and her hurry in the house to bed .
romeo is gone .
good lord , i can not stay here all night listening to good advice .
most educated men are !
come , and tell my sweet to prepare to scold me .
nay , sir , this is a ring she gave me to give you .
hurry up , it ' s late .
this time i feel so much better !
come now of here .
good night .
nothing depends on this : be out here before the night watchmen take their positions , or in disguise after daybreak .
tis a vacation in mantua .
i ' ll find your servant , and he ' ll update you now and then on your case till it here .
give me thy hand .
it ' s late .
speak .
things have gone out so unluckily , sir , that we ' ve had time to convince our daughter to marry you .
she loved her cousin tybalt dearly , and so i .
tis well we were born to die .
these times of pain are not for romance .
madam , good morrow .
my name to your daughter .
i will not .
she is up in her room , with her sorrow .
sir paris , i ' ll be a desperate argument for my child ' s love .
tell her my son paris ' s love for her .
and tell her , tell me , on wednesday , what day is tuesday ?
good morrow , my lord .
hark !
ha !
dost you think it ' s a good rush ?
we ' ll have too large a celebration , we invite a friend or two .
nay , because tybalt was just killed , people might think that we ' d care about his memory as our relative if we have too grand a party .
therefore we ' ll have half a dozen friends to the wedding , and that ' s it .
what do you think wednesday ?
my lord , i thursday were tomorrow .
fare thee well home .
it is done , then .
are you mad ?
it ' s a long time till dawn .
that sound you were the one it was the lark , the nightingale that at first dawn , the nightingale .
my love , are those streaks of light in the clouds parting in the west ?
good night is , and day is done .
that light is not daylight , i fear it .
it ' s meteor out of the sun to light your way to mantua .
stay not for a while .
you ' ll have time to go yet .
let me be captured .
let me put thee to death .
i am content , if that ' s the way you say it .
i can not stay no longer i want to go .
o , death , and death !
here ' s another .
it ' s daylight .
it is so .
it ' s the lark that out of tune , making such harsh noise .
the lark hath a sweet division between night and night .
it ' s true because she can not separate us .
and yet more light .
and more for thee .
speak .
dost thou ?
your bed is to your bedroom .
good day .
the window lets no day in , and out the window goes .
o farewell , farewell !
give me one kiss , and then i ' ll .
he lies himself up in his bedroom , shuts his windows to keep out the beautiful daylight , and himself an artificial night .
my noble uncle , do you know what he did do this ?
i don ' t know , and he didn ' t tell me .
have you heard you could not to make him tell you the reason ?
i hope you ' re not lucky to hear the true story by sticking around .
are you not that , my love , my lord ?
nay , this count i ' ll not be many years before i see my romeo again .
hark !
i ' ll miss thee chance to send my love to you .
oh , you think we ' ll meet again ?
o god i have a soul that predicts evil things !
that you are not down there , you say someone dead in the bottom of a tomb .
by my eyesight is failing me , or you .
and tell me , love , do you not pale to me ?
away , our color .
farewell , farewell !
good luck .
everyone says you ' re up your mind .
i hope not you ' ll find him back home soon .
who ' s that here ?
is it my fault ?
what strange reason could not she have here ?
what ' s ' t on , juliet ?
madam , i am not well .
will you go to your cousin ' s death forever ?
are you sure of him out of his grave with tears ?
if you , you ' ll bring him back to life .
so cry not .
tis a little bit grief for a man of love .
let me weep for a great loss .
you will not feel the loss , the man you weep for will .
the loss this , i can ' t help but weep for him forever .
well , girl you ' re weeping not for his death as much as for the fact that the villain who killed him is still alive .
villain , madam ?
that villain , romeo .
that ' s the murderer .
nay , madam , he is beyond my reach .
i say that one can not avenge my cousin ' s death except me !
weeping .
i would send a man mantua , where that exiled rogue is living .
and , i hope , you ' ve satisfied .
i ' ll not be satisfied with romeo i see him .
madam , if you can not find a man to deliver the poison , i ' ll mix it myself that romeo will not sleep soon after he drinks it .
i take the love i had for my cousin and take it out on the body of the man killed him .
go out the way , and i ' ll take the right man .
but i have been joyful news with you , girl .
and it wouldst have joy in such a joyless time .
tell me not .
well , well , you have a father who child .
madam , tell me what day is that day ?
nay , my child , saint peter ' s church thursday morning , the gallant , young , and noble gentleman count paris will happily make you a joyful bride .
nay , i pray thee by saint peter ' s church and peter too , he will make me a joyful bride there .
how can i marry him , this husband , he to court me ?
thou shalt tell my father , madam , i won ' t marry yet .
and , when i do marry , i , it will not romeo , whom you know i hate , than paris .
what that ' s news !
here comes your father .
let him speak so , and see how he takes the news .
what are you , girl ?
what kind of fountain ?
why are you not crying ?
have you heard her speak our decision ?
i would the fool were dead and married with her grave !
how can not this be ?
what ' s she proud of such a match ?
where ' s she how unworthy she is of the gentleman we have found to be her bridegroom ?
i am glad that you have found it .
what is this ?
is not this fuzzy logic ?
what is this ?
i hear you say " proud " and " i thank you , " and then " no thank you " and " proud , " you spoiled .
you , you little bug !
you are worthless !
you must face !
on you !
what , are you not ?
good father , i ' ll beg you on my knees , be patient and to me say one thing .
don ' t say anything .
don ' t answer .
don ' t talk back to me .
she , the little hussy !
god in heaven bless her !
my lord , you ' re wrong to berate her that .
and wise lady ?
blabber your gossiping friends .
i ' ll say wrong .
pray for god ' s sake .
what ' s i say ?
o , you mumbling fool !
we ' ll need to hear it .
you ' ll be too angry .
hark !
it does me mad .
good day and night , hour after hour , all the time , at work , at work , alone , in company , my priority has to find her a husband .
thursday is here .
your hand on your heart and to my advice .
you my daughter , i ' ll marry you to my friend .
think not it .
i ' ll break thee this promise .
this marriage hath a month , or a week .
nay , if you ' re delay , make my wedding bed in the tomb where tybalt lies .
don ' t talk to me , because i won ' t say a word .
as you please , because i ' m worrying about you .
oh , god ! , nurse , how now this be ?
by my husband is earth my vows of marriage are in heaven .
how can i bring those promises back down to earth , unless my husband bring them back down to me dying and going to heaven ?
give me thy arm .
what ' s you have one word of joy ?
give me thy hand , nurse .
oh , he ' s a most lovely gentleman !
romeo ' s a dishcloth compared with him .
madam , an eagle would have eyes green , as quick , and as fair as the eyes of paris .
curse my very heart , but i pray you should not be happy in this second marriage , because it ' s better than your first .
if it ' s not better , your first marriage is .
are you not from your heart ?
hark !
dost thou ?
well , you have given me much .
i made my father angry , so i am friar lawrence ' s cell confess and be forgiven .
nay , i will .
nay , that wicked fiend !
i am to the friar to find out his solution .
nothing else fails , i have the power to take my own life .
what thursday , sir ?
that ' s very well .
you say you ' ll know what the girl thinks .
i ' ll like it not .
you hear the reason for the rush .
nay , sir , here comes the lady toward my cell .
i ' m happy you , my lady and my wife .
that the case , sir ,
nay , cousin .
is it not that in the day ?
it ' s now nine o ' clock .
was that my father who came in such haste ?
it was not .
i ' ll have the thing that makes thee time fly .
do you ' re in love ?
speak .
what of thy love ?
what , where we eat ?
that " may not be " , love , thursday .
what must thou do .
that is not a truth .
have you not made confession to this father ?
i answered that question , i ' m only making confession to you .
don ' t deny to him that you do love me .
i ' ll go to you that i hear him .
you will confess , i ' ll , that you love me not .
if i , it will mean more if i say it to your face than if i say it to your face .
you poor soul , your face has not tears .
your name is not , and you have slandered it .
i have not for you , my sad daughter .
god forbid that i should prevent thy sacred devotion !
oh , juliet , i pray your sad situation .
i know that you must marry this count on wednesday , and that delay it not .
don ' t tell me that you haven ' t heard about this marriage , friar , unless you can tell me how to prevent it .
if you are so wise can ' t help , be kind enough to call my solution wise .
nay , then .
tomorrow is well .
tomorrow night be sure that you are well .
here ' s the nurse stay with you in your bedroom .
give me the vial .
give it me !
love will not give me strength , and strength will do this plan .
o dear father .
you ' ll get me bad cooks from me .
how can you test them with that ?
the cooks who can ' t lick their fingers ' tis hired .
go , out here .
we ' ll not for this wedding celebration .
yes , that ' s enough .
look , here she ' s home from confession a happy look on her face .
o holy father lawrence fall on my knees and beg your forgiveness .
pray for the count .
tell him of this .
i ' ll not do this wedding tomorrow morning .
i am the young lawrence ' s cell .
well , i ' m glad of this .
this is mine .
up .
come , go , i say , and tell him here .
nay , before god , our city hath a great debt .
nurse , will you come with me to my closet and help me out of the clothes and the jewelry i ' ll need to wear tomorrow ?
no , wednesday .
there ' s enough .
we ' ll have the wedding at the church .
it ' s almost night .
and will not be , i promise you , wife .
go you to juliet and dress her up .
i ' ll go to bed tonight .
go with me alone .
i ' ll to be the housewife for thee .
those are the best garments .
what , are you not ?
would you need my help ?
i ' ll see you have your hands full for the sudden festivities .
good night .
god bless us , we ' ll meet again .
in my desperate situation , i have no alone .
nay , here ' s the vial .
if this mixture ' s work at all ?
will i not be married morning ?
lie down there awhile .
look !
i am afraid i am my cousin tybalt ' s ghost .
o , tybalt , tybalt !
romeo , romeo !
here ' s a drink .
i drink you not .
no , cousin , i ' ll not .
good man , are you not ?
nay , this is love does .
what else is love ?
it ' s a sweet lozenge that you speak on .
nay , cousin .
speak .
i ' ll be with you .
you can not leave me this , you ' re doing me wrong .
i ' ll not myself .
i ' ll not here .
tell me , who is the one you love ?
do you hear i groan and tell you ?
dost thou ?
speak .
but speak me who it is .
these keys and get thee more spices , nurse .
they would for dates and quinces in the pastry kitchen .
come on , get up , up , up , up !
the cock hath crowed .
to the curfew - time .
don ' t worry about the cost .
come , you old housewife , speak .
to bed , dear .
you ' ll be sick tomorrow when you ' ve stayed up all night .
i ' ve stayed up all night with many times before for less important matters , and i ' ve gotten sick .
you ' ve been a lady ' s man in your time .
tis a jealous woman !
now fellow , what have you there ?
get up , up .
i ' ll not be enough to find the logs myself without bothering peter .
and tis well said .
that guy ' s gone .
goodness it ' s daylight .
hark !
dost thou ?
good morrow , nurse !
wake thee , juliet .
and get her dressed .
i ' ll and chat with paris .
hey , wake up , up , up !
the bridegroom is not here .
nay , i say .
hark !
o , mistress !
i know she ' s fast asleep .
o , lady !
o love , i say !
hark !
hark !
nay , bride !
what , would you say a word ?
you sleep not .
how sound she is indeed !
let the count take you to your bed .
he ' ll wake you , i bet thee .
won ' t he be ?
what ' s all the noise in the room ?
o sad day !
is not the matter ?
look , here !
oh , a sad day indeed !
oh , my lord , my heart !
oh , my child , my reason for living , up , or i ' ll die with you !
for shame , juliet out .
her bridegroom is not .
she ' s dead , deceased she ' s dead .
the day !
the day !
she ' s dead , she ' s dead , she ' s dead !
hark !
let me see her .
oh !
she ' s cold .
her blood has , and her joints are cracked .
she ' s dead for some time .
she ' s gone , a beautiful flower , killed by an unseasonable frost .
o sad day !
this is a most painful time !
death , which has taken her away to make me cry , ties up my tongue and ' let me speak .
what , is the bride go to church ?
she ' s ready to go , but she ' ll not return .
thy death is my son in law .
is not my heir .
my daughter hath died .
i will not die and leave thee .
thy life , wealth , death .
have i not long to see this morning , only to see this ?
o accursed , wretched , hateful hateful hateful !
this is the most most hour of all !
i had one child , one poor and loving child , the one thing i had to rejoice and comfort myself , and cruel death has it me !
o pain !
o painful , painful , painful , painful !
there has not been so black a day as last .
o painful day , painful day !
she was not divorced , wronged , spited , spited , !
tis cruel death to her .
o love !
o life !
there is no life , my love is gone !
o , distressed , hated martyred !
why did not this have now ?
o my soul and my child !
you are dead !
nay , for shame !
the noise for confusion is screaming and screaming .
you had this child when the world of heaven .
heaven has sent her .
she is not in a place .
you know not her dying day , but heaven will give her eternal life .
the most you hope for was for her to marry poor and rise up the social ladder that was your of heaven .
and do you , though she has risen up above the clouds , as high as heaven itself ?
nay , in this love , you love your child so badly , that you are mad , though she is in heaven .
it is not marry well and young , better than to be married for a long time .
our wedding banquet will be like a burial feast .
our celebratory hymns will not be sad funeral marches .
take this lovely corpse to her grave .
don ' t disturb the heavens more by trying to go against heaven ' s will .
well , we put away our pipes and home .
no , well , better .
nay , a sad song .
it ' s not the proper time to play .
did you ' t , then ?
speak .
i ' ll give it to you .
will you not give us leave ?
no money i .
i ' ll tell you a minstrel .
i ' ll tell you a serving - creature .
i ' ll tell you on the head with the serving - creature ' s knife .
i ' ll sing you to sing .
hear you not ?
let me be men .
tis well , sir silver has a sweet sound .
o studpid answer !
what do you say , james well , i ' ll hear what to say .
i ' ll not for you .
it is " with her silver sound , " musicians have gold to use to make noises .
an annoying man , this is not !
let him , jack !
if i do trust my dreams , some joyful news is coming .
my lord !
how sweet it would be to have the woman i love , when about thy love makes me so happy .
you have news from verona ! , is it not balthasar ?
do you bring me a letter from the friar ?
how is my lord ?
where is my father ?
how is my lord ?
i know that again can not be wrong if she is well .
then she is well , and is not ill .
her body in the capulet tomb , and her immortal soul the angels in heaven .
i never saw her buried in her family ' s tomb , and then i tell you the news .
nay , pardon me for bringing this bad news , but you told me it was my job , sir .
you ' ll tell a sick man he " seriously " has to make his will , it would make him worse .
cousin , i love a woman not .
you were on your target .
the woman i love is not .
a beautiful target is the one that hit the fastest .
well , you ' ll be on target there .
she has , and thou celibate , she wastes her beauty .
she ' s too beautiful and too wise for heaven ' s blessing making me despair .
speak my advice .
don ' t think about her .
teach me to not think !
is it not true ?
i am against you , stars !
you know not where i live .
go with me some ink and paper , and horses to ride .
i will not for verona tonight .
o sir , have patience .
you look so pale and wild if you ' re going to hurt yourself .
tsk , you ' ll not .
leave me and i told you to do .
you have a letter for me from the friar ?
good my good lord .
tis no matter .
come on your and hire those horses .
i ' ll not be with you .
well , juliet , i ' ll leave you tonight .
here ' s to see how .
destructive thoughts to the minds desperate men !
as i remember , this the house .
today ' s a holiday , the beggar ' s shop is shut .
hark !
hark !
who ' s that calling ?
good morrow , man .
i know that you are not poor .
here are forty ducats .
do you hear this poor and wretched and afraid to die ?
your cheeks are so thin , hunger .
i see in your eyes that you ' re starved .
the world is your friend , and is not the law .
the world hath made laws to make you rich .
i pay you because you ' re poor , not because you like me .
o franciscan friar !
brother , o brother !
that the voice of friar john .
speak from mantua .
what romeo say ?
nay , he comes down his thoughts , give me his letter .
i ' ll go to mantua ere i was stuck there .
why took my letter to romeo ?
o fortune !
brother , i ' ll go and it to you .
now i must to the tomb .
within three hours , juliet will sleep .
i ' ll write thee again to mantua , and i ' ll keep her in my cell romeo comes .
she ' s a dead man ' s tomb !
let me see your torch , boy .
and stay not apart from me .
the torch out , so i ' ll be seen .
give me those .
do not i tell you .
speak .
the boy is not with me that someone .
what ' s my rituals of true love ?
hold it ' s with a torch !
i must not in the darkness awhile .
that ' pickax and the crowbar .
i ' ll , sir , and i ' ll not bother you .
that ' s the way to show me thy friendship .
this .
good and noble young man , don ' t mess with someone ' s desperate .
go from here and leave me .
the ones who have not died .
let them not fear in your heart .
please , young man , ' tis me angry .
oh , o !
don ' t stay here , away .
live , and , say a madman mercifully told you to run away .
i ' ll leave you as as a criminal .
are you not provoked ?
let ' s fight thee , boy !
oh , lord , they ' re fighting !
i ' ll call thee the watch .
nay , i will .
oh , it mercutio ' s relative noble count paris !
my man say what ?
i thought he loved me paris was to marry juliet .
what ' s that , what he said ?
or was not i ?
i ' ll tell you in a magnificent grave .
a man ?
oh !
here , juliet , and her beauty doth this tomb with light .
death has sucked the honey from your breath , but it has not your beauty .
you ' ve been conquered .
what better favor am i to do for you than to kill the man who killed you with the same hand that made you die young .
am i that death is in love with you , and that the awful monster keeps you to be his mistress ?
nay , i ' ll not with worms that are your chamber - maids .
oh , i ' ll rest here forever .
eyes , out for the time !
o , make your embrace !
his drugs quickly .
i do not with a kiss .
no other beautiful girls .
good saint francis , come !
how now have my old feet stumbled on gravestones !
i ' ll be a friend to a friend who knows you well .
god save you !
tell me my good friend , what is that light there ?
it comes to me it ' s burning in the capulet tomb .
is it not ?
speak .
how has he been there ?
tis a half hour .
let me to the tomb .
i ' ll dare thee not , sir .
nay , then .
i ' ll go .
i ' ll not be afraid .
oh , i ' m scared something awful has happened .
i am under this yew - tree here , i had a wife that my master and someone else were fighting and that my master killed him .
where is this blood that the stony entrance of this tomb ?
o friendly friar !
what is my husband ?
i am very well where i should be , and yet i am not .
where is my romeo ?
i hear not noise .
o lady , of the tomb .
tis a greater power than we can fight has our hearts .
come , away .
your husband hath been dead there , and paris .
nay , i ' ll tell you the sisterhood of holy nuns .
did it not open a cup , locked in my true love ' s hand ?
poison i , hath the cause of his death .
i will not kiss your lips .
there is some poison on them , to make me die with a medicinal kiss .
what noise , noise ?
i ' ll not be quick .
o good morrow , a knife !
by my body and let me die .
this is the last .
there comes the torch is burning .
the ground is soft .
this is a pitiful tale !
nay , the prince .
to the capulets .
go up the montagues .
have some more others .
' tis romeo ' s man .
we call him in the churchyard .
hold him in custody until the prince here comes here .
is a friar ' s trembling , sighing and weeping .
we think this pickax and this shovel from him , he was from this side of the graveyard .
tis suspicious .
the friar hath too .
what crimes do thou murder so early in the morning that i have to wake before the time ?
what ' s the matter , that they cry out so loud ?
some people in the street are crying " romeo . " some are crying " juliet , " and some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . " some are crying " paris . "
how much this foul murder about .
heavens !
oh , thy wife , how our daughter bleeds !
that knife should be in its sheath on that montague ' s back , but it ' s - sheathed in my daughter ' s breast .
my lord !
this sight of death is a bell that warns me i ' ll die .
my liege , my wife hath died tonight .
over my son ' s exile , let her be .
what pain must i endure in my old age ?
look , and you ' ll find .
and i ' ll not be the leader of pain , and i ' ll lead you as far as death .
in the meantime , on , and be patient .
i am the greatest , but i was not to do the work .
i have condemned thee and myself .
tell us you do not know about this affair .
i will be brief because i ' m going to live long enough to tell a boring story .
in the meantime i wrote to romeo and told him to come to here on this awful night to help remove her from her temporary grave when the sleeping potion worn off .
i know not of this .
i am my wife of juliet ' s death .
let me read the letter .
brother , brother montague give me your hand .
but do you say to my request ?
i repeat what i ' ll say before .
my daughter is not young .
she ' s not twelve years old .
older than she marry and be happy mothers .
not girls marry so young too soon .
and charm her , gentle paris ; make her love you not .
tomorrow i ' ll be a feast that we ' ve celebrated for many years .
at my humble house tonight , you may see dazzling stars that walk on the ground and light the sky from above .
in the most beautiful city of verona , where our story takes place a long - standing hatred between two families erupts into violence , and citizens their hands with the blood of their fellow citizens .
tis unlucky children of these enemy families , lovers and suicide .
their deaths make an answer to their parents ' feud .
along with me .
the name whose names are on this list ?
it is not that shoemakers and tailors play with each other ' s tools , that fisherman should play with paints , and painters play with fishing nets , and painters play with fishing nets .
but i ' ve been sent to find the people whose names are written on this list , and i ' ll read thee !
come some people , in the nick of time .
you must cut your shin .
dost thou ?
what romeo , are you mad ?
i ' ll go in a prison and deprived of food .
i ' ll be whipped and tortured may god give you a good night .
what , sir , you know not how to read ?
i can not read my own fortune in my sleep .
you ' re learned from life and from books .
but tell me , what do you see ?
nay , i know not the language and the letters .
i .
well , that ' s an end of an stay fellow .
i can not read .
signor martino and his wife and daughters , count anselme and his beautiful wife , vitruvio ' s widow , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his lovely nieces , my uncle capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and his beloved capulet and
signor valentio and his cousin tybalt , lucio and the lively helena . , that ' s a group of people .
where are they coming ?
speak .
dost thou ?
what supper ?
let our house .
whose hand ?
my master ' s gone .
indeed , i have heard you before whom he was .
now i ' ll tell you what you ' ll have to ask .
my master is the great and rich capulet , and you ' ll not belong to the house of montague , please come and drink a cup of wine .
have not a day !
the most beautiful rosaline whom you love so much will not capulet ' s traditional feast , with every beautiful woman in verona .
there and her to some other girls i ' ll show you .
what a woman beautiful the one i love ?
the sun itself has as beautiful since the world began .
i ' ll go you .
what , ' s my daughter ?
tell her not to me .
i am to you by my virginity at age twelve , i know her to come .
on !
who ' s with me ?
for your sake .
madam , i ' ll speak .
what do you want ?
you know not how young my daughter is .
i know not her age down to the hour .
she ' s not twelve .
i ' d bet thee twelve of my own teeth , but , i ' m sorry to say , i have four teeth , she ' s not fourteen .
whether it ' s even or odd , of all the days in the year , on the night of lammas eve , she ' s twelve .
she and susan , god rest her and all christian souls , were at the day .
for susan died and is with god .
she was not good with me .
i said , the night of lammas eve , she will not be sixteen .
nay , she will not .
indeed , i know it not .
it ' s eleven years since the earthquake .
i had bitter wormwood on my breast i was in the sun , under the wall of the dovehouse .
but i said not , when she tasted the bitter wormwood on my nipple , the pretty little babe annoyed and to quarrel with my breast .
the dovehouse hath with the earthquake .
there was no need to tell me to out of there .
what , " he said , " you fall on your face ?
you ' ll not do this .
please be silent .
good morrow , madam .
but i ' m still laughing to think that the baby stopped crying and said , " yes . " i swear , she had a bump on her forehead as big as a rooster ' s testicle .
it was a most painful bruise , and she was not .
what , " said my husband , you fall on your face ?
you ' ll fall backward when you grow up , won ' t you , jule ? " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes . " and she said , " yes
god may choose you receive his grace .
you were the prettiest i nursed .
i live not to see you get married someday , my wishes will be true .
tell me , my daughter , is your attitude getting married ?
it is an honor that i do dream of .
tis well , about marriage now .
in verona there are girls younger than you , girls from noble families , have become mothers .
by my count , i was your mother at about your age , while you a virgin .
well then , i ' ll do this : the valiant paris you as his bride .
tis a man of young lady .
summertime in verona has no flower as he .
lose thee ?
i ' ll not look at him and try like him , at if what i see is likable .
but i ' ll not myself fall for him any more than your permission allows .
nothing ' s out of order .
follow thou straight after me .
we ' ll leave you .
o girl , for a man who ' ll give you happy nights at the end of happy days .
will we not say is our excuse being here ?
what should we enter for apologizing ?
it ' s out of fashion to give lengthy explanations that can not .
let them judge us if they please .
give me thy hand .
i ' ll not want to dance .
no , noble romeo , you ' ve got .
leave me , tell me .
you ' ll be dancing shoes , nimble soles .
my soul is made out of lead , and it isn ' t so heavy it makes me stuck on the ground so i can ' t move .
you ' ll be a lover .
cupid ' s wings and fly the average man .
his arrow hath pierced me too deeply , i ' ll fly high with his cheerful feathers .
i am the heavy weight of love .
we ' ll take their trash .
i hit hard i ' ll be angry .
to run away .
you ' ll not stand and fight .
tis a dog from that house will be angry to take a stand .
you can not sink , you ' ll love down .
is thy love tender ?
i fear it ' s too rough , too rude , and it pricks a thorn .
if love rough with you , play rough with thee come , let ' s knock and go in .
tis playful people with light hearts .
nay , we ' re wasting precious daylight .
o let ' s !
no , we ' ll not , it ' s night .
we mean well by going to this masquerade ball , but it ' s smart of us to go .
what , i ask thee ?
i had a dream of night .
so do i .
well was your dream ?
my dream me that dreamers lie .
they in bed they dream about the truth .
oh , i pray you ' ve been with who ' s queen mab ?
she rides over a courtier ' s lips , and he makes money off of someone .
she ' s a priest ' s nose , a fine enough , enough !
mercutio , come .
the wind you ' re blowing is blowing us off our course .
dinner is over , and we ' ll go there too late .
o thy lover boys !
the drum .
what ' s potpan ?
only one or two men have all the good manners , and even they are dirty , are they not .
to the stools , the sideboards , and the plates .
pray you , good friend , save me a piece of marzipan , and you , have the porter in susan grindstone and nell .
nay , boy , i ' ll be ready .
they ' ll leave for you in the great chamber .
we ' ll be in two places at once , both here and there !
good morrow , boys .
quick for a while and the who lives the longest take everything .
good morrow , gentlemen .
you ' ll not be shy , i ' ll swear she has corns .
good morrow , gentlemen .
i pray thee , it must be forty years .
it ' s been longer , it ' s longer .
lucentio ' s son is not that , sir .
he ' s forty years old .
are you to tell me that ?
his son was not a minor two years .
i ' ll know thee , sir .
oh , she doth the torches how to burn bright !
my eyes were liars , then , because i saw true beauty tonight .
i am by his voice that this man is a montague .
why are you not angry ?
uncle , this man is not a montague our enemy .
is it not , romeo ?
that hath him , that villain romeo .
down , gentle cousin .
let him alone .
he himself looks like a dignified gentleman , and , to tell you the truth , he has a most extensive history throughout verona as a virtuous and well behaved young man .
i can not insult him in my own house for all the wealth in this town .
not so down .
ignore him not .
i ' ll tolerate him not .
you but , uncle , we ' ll .
go , go , go .
you ' re an insolent boy .
is that how it is done , then ?
i know not what i ' ll do .
do you have to contradict me , do you ?
i ' ll teach you a way .
what ' s saints and pilgrims have lips too ?
nay , pilgrim , they have lips that they ' ll want to pray with .
nay , saint , let thy lips know what hands do .
grant my prayer so my faith wouldst not turn to despair .
saints ' move , when they grant thy prayers .
aren ' t move while i act out my prayer .
my sin has not taken from my lips by .
my lips have not the sin they took from yours ?
o sin , my lips ?
give me my sin .
you kiss you ' re studied how .
madam , your mother to you .
where is her mother ?
i nursed her daughter , whom you were to .
let me tell you , the man marries her will not be rich .
no gentlemen , ' tis ready to go now .
we have not a dessert up .
you ' ll be right .
the fight is ours masters , and we men for them .
it ' s the same .
i ' ll not be a harsh master to them .
off their heads ?
you see their cut off their heads , take their maidenheads .
my remark in sense you do not like .
the women you rape are the ' ll have " sense " it .
i ' ll give a nice piece of flesh .
it ' s a good idea you ' re not a piece of fish .
you ' ll be out of your tool now .
i have put my naked sword on .
come , nurse .
what is that gentleman ?
he is not the son and old tiberio .
who ' s the ' s going out of the door right now ?
that one , i , am young petruchio .
i ' ll not know his name .
ask thee .
what ' s this ?
what ' s this ?
the strangers are all gone .
but he hath his speeches of love to a woman who ' s supposed to be his enemy .
and juliet ' s as much in love as he , but she has no more opportunity to meet her lover .
but love gives them no power , and time gives them the meet , sweetening the extreme danger with extreme pleasure .
did i go away my heart stays here ?
i heard he slipped away and home to bed .
he fell over this and jumped over this orchard wall .
let him come , mercutio .
i ' ll conjure him if i were not summoning a spirit .
hark !
show in the form a sigh .
speak not one rhyme , and i ' ll die .
just cry out , " ah me ! " and " dove . "
he hears you , you ' ll make him angry .
what i ' m saying ' s anger against him .
the last i ' m saying are fair and honest .
his love is blind , it in the dark .
love is blind , it ' ll hit the target .
he ' ll not sit under a let ' s .
there ' s no point in looking for him if he didn ' t want to be found .
it is not the east and is the sun .
thy virgin hath her sick and green .
it goes .
there ' s my lady !
nay , it is my love .
i wish she knew not how much i love her .
she ' s talking , but she ' s nothing .
what now ?
her eyes are not something .
she ' s speaking to me .
two of the brightest stars in the whole sky had to go away on business , and now they ' re her eyes twinkle in their places till they return .
if her eyes were in the night sky , they would shine so brightly through space that birds would singing singing with thinking her light was the light of day .
look how she puts her hand upon her cheek .
oh , i was the glove on that hand so that i could not touch that cheek .
o , my lord !
are you mad ?
i am my name , dear saint , my voice is your enemy .
what ' s you , romeo ?
and ' tis you a montague ?
tell me , how did you in here ?
and why should you come ?
if any of my relatives find you here they ' ll kill you who you are .
your relatives are not obstacle .
they say you , they ' ll murder you .
at me kindly , and i ' ll be invincible against their hate .
i ' ll give thee anything to them seeing you here .
i ' d rather they kill me have live without your love .
otherwise , you wouldn ' t see blushing about the things you ' ve heard me say tonight .
do you love me ?
i pray you ' ll say " no , " and i ' ll believe you .
what am i sworn ?
don ' t swear at all .
you have sworn , swear by your wonderful self , which is the god i worship like an idol , and then i ' ll believe you .
if my heart ' s thy dear love , well ' ll swear .
you bring me no joy , i ' ll take joy in this exchange of promises tonight .
our love , which right now is like a flower bud in the summer air , may not be a beautiful flower by the next time we meet .
i pray you , the sweet peace and rest i feel in my heart .
oh , are you not leaving me unsatisfied ?
what satisfaction do you have tonight ?
i am my love to you , you asked me to .
i would i could take that promise back , so i had it to give again .
do you take it back ?
why do you know that , my love ?
be most generous and give it to you more .
but i ' m glad for something i have .
my generosity you is as limitless as the sea , and my heart is deep .
i hear not a door .
sweet montague , come .
come here for a time .
i ' ll back .
o blessed night , blessed night !
because it ' s dark out , i don ' t know all this is just a dream , too sweet to be real .
three words , dear romeo , and it ' s good night for thee .
don ' t fret about me .
i can not let ' s break the law beginning a fight .
let them begin .
i ' ll frown at them as they pass by , and then they react they .
you mean they dare not .
i ' ll bite my thumb to them .
what are you biting your thumb at us ?
i ' ll draw my thumb .
where are you your thumb at us ?
why are you to a fight ?
a fight ?
good morrow , sir .
i ' ll send thee the messenger .
by my soul it , a thousand good night .
tis leaving you is a thousand times worse near you .
oh , i would i could make a soul call out my name .
the lovers calling each other names through the night is silver - tempered .
hark !
where my hawk ?
what time tomorrow i am a messenger to you ?
o ' clock .
i ' ll fail thee .
now then again like twenty years .
i have not i called you back .
let me stand with you remember your reason .
i ' ll do that i have any home except this spot .
it ' s morning .
he sings the bird hop a little from his hand and yanks him by a string .
i am not your bird .
my sweet , i do not .
but i can not kill you petting you too much .
good night , good night .
parting is such sweet sorrow that i ' ll say good night tomorrow .
i hope you can not peacefully .
i would i were sleep and peace , i would spend the night with you .
i ' ll not see my priest , to ask for his help and tell him about my good luck .
darkness is of the sun ' s path a drunk man .
nay , before the sun comes up and burns away the dew , i have this basket of mine with poisonous weeds and medicinal flowers .
upon the earth is nature ' s mother and nature ' s tomb .
from the earth ' s womb , different sorts of plants and animals come forth , and the earth her children many excellent forms of nourishment .
for herbs , plants , and stones .
there is nothing on earth that is so evil that it provide the earth with some quality .
virtue to th ' vice it ' misused .
the little rind of this weak flower there is not poison and powerful medicine .
there are none elements in thee , in men as well as in herbs , good and evil .
thy evil is dominant , death the body like cancer .
farewell , good father .
god save you .
who greets me early in the morning ?
young man , ' tis wrong if you ' re getting out of bed this early .
every old man has worries , and worried men never get any sleep , young men ' ll have a care in the world .
they go to bed early and plenty of sleep .
therefore , the fact that you ' ve been awake this early tells me you ' ve been upset with some anxiety .
if that not the case , then this must not be the answer : you , romeo , have been to bed tonight .
your last guess is well .
i am not a sweeter than sleep .
what , rosaline father ?
that ' s all , my boy .
but have not you been ?
i ' ll tell you again you have asked me again .
you have heard the sacred cure both of us .
i can not carry no hatred , holy man , my will my enemy .
