So he arose from the earth, and sat upon the bed.
And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is judge himself.
Remember thy servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; look not unto the stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin:
only let us consent unto them, and they will dwell with us.
And, behold, thy cousin Elisabeth, she hath also conceived a son in her old age: and this is the sixth month with her, who was called barren.
And when a convenient day was come, that Herod on his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief estates of Galilee;
And he left them, and went away again, and prayed the third time, saying the same words.
And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of the LORD, to cleanse the house of the LORD.
And the Levites stood with the instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets.
or who hath been his counsellor?
The trees of the LORD are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he hath planted;
And they caught him, and beat him, and sent him away empty.
now therefore receive no more money of your acquaintance, but deliver it for the breaches of the house.
Joseph is a fruitful bough, even a fruitful bough by a well; whose branches run over the wall:
Whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of plaiting the hair, and of wearing of gold, or of putting on of apparel;
And it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom, that she defiled the land, and committed adultery with stones and with stocks.
or who maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind?
Neither let us tempt Christ, as some of them also tempted, and were destroyed of serpents.
And he said, Ye shall not send.
And the servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the fourth part of a shekel of silver: that will I give to the man of God, to tell us our way.
For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and cleave to his wife;
and having ears, hear ye not?
Moreover, if he be gotten into a city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into the river, until there be not one small stone found there.
And Elijah took twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto whom the word of the LORD came, saying, Israel shall be thy name:
Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.
And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.
But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof.
As for God, his way is perfect: the word of the LORD is tried: he is a buckler to all those that trust in him.
Make you perfect in every good work to do his will, working in you that which is wellpleasing in his sight, through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever.
His remembrance shall perish from the earth, and he shall have no name in the street.
The children of Ater of Hezekiah, ninety and eight.
Four tables were on this side, and four tables on that side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their sacrifices.
And the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he might cause her to be carried away of the flood.
And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof.
But the sons of Belial shall be all of them as thorns thrust away, because they cannot be taken with hands:
For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death.
According to the days of thy coming out of the land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things.
And all the people were gathered against Jeremiah in the house of the LORD.
And Zechariah, and Aziel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Unni, and Eliab, and Maaseiah, and Benaiah, with psalteries on Alamoth;
And the LORD said, Judah shall go up first.
And they said, What need we any further witness?
And he said unto another, Follow me.
Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law?
And the children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of God, and asked counsel of God, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the children of Benjamin?
If ye will not hear, and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give glory unto my name, saith the LORD of hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart.
Beginning from the baptism of John, unto that same day that he was taken up from us, must one be ordained to be a witness with us of his resurrection.
Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:
And there came of all people to hear the wisdom of Solomon, from all kings of the earth, which had heard of his wisdom.
So we thy people and sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks for ever: we will shew forth thy praise to all generations.
Zelek the Ammonite, Naharai the Berothite, the armourbearer of Joab the son of Zeruiah,
And the great court round about was with three rows of hewed stones, and a row of cedar beams, both for the inner court of the house of the LORD, and for the porch of the house.
Cast out the scorner, and contention shall go out; yea, strife and reproach shall cease.
And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it.
and a strange punishment to the workers of iniquity?
Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith the LORD, and they shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the holes of the rocks.
Men do therefore fear him: he respecteth not any that are wise of heart.
Then shalt thou say, O LORD, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for ever.
Then will I make this house like Shiloh, and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.
To whom coming, as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious,
Or, Deliver me from the enemy's hand?
All that are with me salute thee.
And the high priest arose, and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing?
Have ye offered unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years, O house of Israel?
(Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:)
They send forth their little ones like a flock, and their children dance.
And Ezra the scribe stood upon a pulpit of wood, which they had made for the purpose; and beside him stood Mattithiah, and Shema, and Anaiah, and Urijah, and Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, on his right hand; and on his left hand, Pedaiah, and Mishael, and Malchiah, and Hashum, and Hashbadana, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
Thou hast covered with anger, and persecuted us: thou hast slain, thou hast not pitied.
And the oracle he prepared in the house within, to set there the ark of the covenant of the LORD.
He that is our God is the God of salvation; and unto GOD the Lord belong the issues from death.
And am no more worthy to be called thy son: make me as one of thy hired servants.
An unjust man is an abomination to the just: and he that is upright in the way is abomination to the wicked.
They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service.
The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure.
When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!
And whatsoever soul it be that doeth any work in that same day, the same soul will I destroy from among his people.
And they sent a messenger unto Joseph, saying, Thy father did command before he died, saying,
and she, even she herself said, He is my brother: in the integrity of my heart and innocency of my hands have I done this.
I applied mine heart to know, and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and the reason of things, and to know the wickedness of folly, even of foolishness and madness:
Therefore it is no great thing if his ministers also be transformed as the ministers of righteousness; whose end shall be according to their works.
For thine arrows stick fast in me, and thy hand presseth me sore.
Then Daniel went to his house, and made the thing known to Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, his companions:
I have not sat with vain persons, neither will I go in with dissemblers.
Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, that they separate themselves from the holy things of the children of Israel, and that they profane not my holy name in those things which they hallow unto me: I am the LORD.
The third captain of the host for the third month was Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, a chief priest: and in his course were twenty and four thousand.
And when the Philistines heard the noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout in the camp of the Hebrews?
For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified.
If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie, saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be the prophet of this people.
And it came to pass, as he drew back his hand, that, behold, his brother came out: and she said, How hast thou broken forth?
Then came the woman in the dawning of the day, and fell down at the door of the man's house where her lord was, till it was light.
But when he had turned about and looked on his disciples, he rebuked Peter, saying, Get thee behind me, Satan: for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men.
And his servants arose, and made a conspiracy, and slew Joash in the house of Millo, which goeth down to Silla.
But the miry places thereof and the marishes thereof shall not be healed; they shall be given to salt.
And they said, From the land of Canaan to buy food.
Thus were they defiled with their own works, and went a whoring with their own inventions.
Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge?
He measured the east side with the measuring reed, five hundred reeds, with the measuring reed round about.
And that she increased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon the wall, the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion,
But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children's children;
The crown of pride, the drunkards of Ephraim, shall be trodden under feet:
The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me.
And I will bring again the captivity of my people of Israel, and they shall build the waste cities, and inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, and drink the wine thereof; they shall also make gardens, and eat the fruit of them.
Within two full years will I bring again into this place all the vessels of the LORD's house, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took away from this place, and carried them to Babylon:
They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of the land of Assyria: and I will place them in their houses, saith the LORD.
For it is a fire that consumeth to destruction, and would root out all mine increase.
And the LORD came down in the pillar of the cloud, and stood in the door of the tabernacle, and called Aaron and Miriam: and they both came forth.
These were the sons of the Levites after the house of their fathers.
That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock for ever!
In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night:
A minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which the Lord pitched, and not man.
In his hand are the deep places of the earth: the strength of the hills is his also.
And Moses said unto Joshua, Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Amalek: to morrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in mine hand.
The thoughts of the righteous are right: but the counsels of the wicked are deceit.
And the priest shall take from the meat offering a memorial thereof, and shall burn it upon the altar: it is an offering made by fire, of a sweet savour unto the LORD.
The LORD hath cast off his altar, he hath abhorred his sanctuary, he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her palaces; they have made a noise in the house of the LORD, as in the day of a solemn feast.
No man that hath a blemish of the seed of Aaron the priest shall come nigh to offer the offerings of the LORD made by fire: he hath a blemish; he shall not come nigh to offer the bread of his God.
So Jonathan arose from the table in fierce anger, and did eat no meat the second day of the month: for he was grieved for David, because his father had done him shame.
There is gold, and a multitude of rubies: but the lips of knowledge are a precious jewel.
Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.
Thou hypocrite, cast out first the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to pull out the mote that is in thy brother's eye.
Preach the word; be instant in season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, exhort with all longsuffering and doctrine.
But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the Spirit of the LORD.
Saying, God hath forsaken him: persecute and take him; for there is none to deliver him.
And, behold, all the men of Israel came to the king, and said unto the king, Why have our brethren the men of Judah stolen thee away, and have brought the king, and his household, and all David's men with him, over Jordan?
And straightway he preached Christ in the synagogues, that he is the Son of God.
And he said unto me, Go in, and behold the wicked abominations that they do here.
And the sabbath of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with thee.
And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of Seir ten thousand.
And the people answered him not a word.
And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.
And the LORD said unto him, Go up.
I will also stretch out mine hand upon Judah, and upon all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant of Baal from this place, and the name of the Chemarims with the priests;
At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have respect to the Holy One of Israel.
Jude, the servant of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, to them that are sanctified by God the Father, and preserved in Jesus Christ, and called:
He hath inclosed my ways with hewn stone, he hath made my paths crooked.
And he sent her away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her virginity upon the mountains.
And they talked together of all these things which had happened.
Give ear, O my people, to my law: incline your ears to the words of my mouth.
For the king had taken counsel, and his princes, and all the congregation in Jerusalem, to keep the passover in the second month.
Remember what the LORD thy God did unto Miriam by the way, after that ye were come forth out of Egypt.
God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his Son Jesus Christ our Lord.
These are the families of the Zebulunites according to those that were numbered of them, threescore thousand and five hundred.
Seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living, and kept close from the fowls of the air.
And it came to pass on the day that Moses had fully set up the tabernacle, and had anointed it, and sanctified it, and all the instruments thereof, both the altar and all the vessels thereof, and had anointed them, and sanctified them;
For it is written, He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.
serve the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for why should we serve him?
And David sware unto Saul.
Thou shalt also make a table of shittim wood: two cubits shall be the length thereof, and a cubit the breadth thereof, and a cubit and a half the height thereof.
Is any among you afflicted?
And this thing became a sin: for the people went to worship before the one, even unto Dan.
So Joab put the words in her mouth.
And they made Solomon the son of David king the second time, and anointed him unto the LORD to be the chief governor, and Zadok to be priest.
And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.
Though he be fruitful among his brethren, an east wind shall come, the wind of the LORD shall come up from the wilderness, and his spring shall become dry, and his fountain shall be dried up: he shall spoil the treasure of all pleasant vessels.
Thus ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots, with mighty men, and with all men of war, saith the Lord GOD.
Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.
By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of the children of Israel; and gave commandment concerning his bones.
The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee, and unto thy seed for ever.
Ye that fear the LORD, trust in the LORD: he is their help and their shield.
I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven, and before thee,
O LORD God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, our fathers, keep this for ever in the imagination of the thoughts of the heart of thy people, and prepare their heart unto thee:
Thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father's sister: she is thy father's near kinswoman.
He that tilleth his land shall have plenty of bread: but he that followeth after vain persons shall have poverty enough.
But because the LORD loved you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the LORD brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.
Lift up your eyes, and behold them that come from the north: where is the flock that was given thee, thy beautiful flock?
And they brake down the image of Baal, and brake down the house of Baal, and made it a draught house unto this day.
And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee.
He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh, that is in the land of Egypt; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with fire.
And king David said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not take that which is thine for the LORD, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.
The children of Keros, the children of Siaha, the children of Padon,
And the king of Israel went out, and smote the horses and chariots, and slew the Syrians with a great slaughter.
Therefore say I unto you, The kingdom of God shall be taken from you, and given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof.
And Jeroboam's wife arose, and departed, and came to Tirzah: and when she came to the threshold of the door, the child died;
And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ.
But every woman that prayeth or prophesieth with her head uncovered dishonoureth her head: for that is even all one as if she were shaven.
Him that dieth of Jeroboam in the city shall the dogs eat; and him that dieth in the field shall the fowls of the air eat: for the LORD hath spoken it.
Howbeit he meaneth not so, neither doth his heart think so; but it is in his heart to destroy and cut off nations not a few.
Now therefore, our God, we thank thee, and praise thy glorious name.
Who is blind, but my servant?
There went with us also certain of the disciples of Caesarea, and brought with them one Mnason of Cyprus, an old disciple, with whom we should lodge.
And the men said unto her, We will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear.
What could have been done more to my vineyard, that I have not done in it?
hath thy soul lothed Zion?
Thus saith the LORD to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy neck,
And God Almighty bless thee, and make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, that thou mayest be a multitude of people;
And the children of Israel said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the LORD in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when we did eat bread to the full; for ye have brought us forth into this wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger.
Then fearing lest we should have fallen upon rocks, they cast four anchors out of the stern, and wished for the day.
All the souls that came with Jacob into Egypt, which came out of his loins, besides Jacob's sons' wives, all the souls were threescore and six;
And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of the LORD, before the new court,
In the eighteenth year of the reign of Josiah was this passover kept.
The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night.
Is not this written in the book of Jasher?
And the foundation was of costly stones, even great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits.
He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.
He putteth his mouth in the dust; if so be there may be hope.
But ye shall offer a sacrifice made by fire for a burnt offering unto the LORD; two young bullocks, and one ram, and seven lambs of the first year: they shall be unto you without blemish:
Among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not miss.
And when he had looked round about on them with anger, being grieved for the hardness of their hearts, he saith unto the man, Stretch forth thine hand.
And he said, I will do as thou hast said.
And they removed from Haradah, and pitched in Makheloth.
And the decree went forth that the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be slain.
This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.
Thy father and thy mother shall be glad, and she that bare thee shall rejoice.
But Rabshakeh said, Hath my master sent me to thy master and to thee to speak these words?
For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: but whosoever will lose his life for my sake, the same shall save it.
That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed over right against Jericho.
And for thy cattle, and for the beast that are in thy land, shall all the increase thereof be meat.
Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father?
And Hoshea the son of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and smote him, and slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah.
So there was great joy in Jerusalem: for since the time of Solomon the son of David king of Israel there was not the like in Jerusalem.
But God giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body.
Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, as I commanded thee, in the time of the month Abib: for in the month Abib thou camest out from Egypt.
And afterward I will bring again the captivity of the children of Ammon, saith the LORD.
They have dealt treacherously against the LORD: for they have begotten strange children: now shall a month devour them with their portions.
Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another, committeth adultery: and whosoever marrieth her that is put away from her husband committeth adultery.
So he let him go: then she said, A bloody husband thou art, because of the circumcision.
O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever.
And again, whom should I serve?
tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place.
And it shall come to pass, when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall testify against them as a witness; for it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed: for I know their imagination which they go about, even now, before I have brought them into the land which I sware.
And his master said unto him, We will not turn aside hither into the city of a stranger, that is not of the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah.
And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter: for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful; whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own daughter.
Therefore the Jews of the villages, that dwelt in the unwalled towns, made the fourteenth day of the month Adar a day of gladness and feasting, and a good day, and of sending portions one to another.
And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers' money, and overthrew the tables;
There are not found that returned to give glory to God, save this stranger.
And he shall bring them unto the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first, and wring off his head from his neck, but shall not divide it asunder:
And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments:
And there was a cloud that overshadowed them: and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son: hear him.
And when the people heard these evil tidings, they mourned: and no man did put on him his ornaments.
The ancients of Gebal and the wise men thereof were in thee thy calkers: all the ships of the sea with their mariners were in thee to occupy thy merchandise.
Their horses, seven hundred thirty and six: their mules, two hundred forty and five:
Then all the captains of the forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near,
And the children of Heth answered Abraham, saying unto him,
Hell and destruction are before the LORD: how much more then the hearts of the children of men?
Behold, the nations are as a drop of a bucket, and are counted as the small dust of the balance: behold, he taketh up the isles as a very little thing.
And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him.
Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness.
And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the goings out of it shall be at the salt sea: this shall be your land with the coasts thereof round about.
When he was removed out of the highway, all the people went on after Joab, to pursue after Sheba the son of Bichri.
and when thou art athirst, go unto the vessels, and drink of that which the young men have drawn.
In those days came John the Baptist, preaching in the wilderness of Judaea,
Then the angel of the LORD departed out of his sight.
And the LORD did according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of the villages, and out of the fields.
Be ye therefore followers of God, as dear children;
Then for Zechariah his son, a wise counsellor, they cast lots; and his lot came out northward.
And Joseph wept when they spake unto him.
Saying, Prophesy unto us, thou Christ, Who is he that smote thee?
Then said he to another, And how much owest thou?
And the king said, What wouldest thou?
Them take, and purify thyself with them, and be at charges with them, that they may shave their heads: and all may know that those things, whereof they were informed concerning thee, are nothing; but that thou thyself also walkest orderly, and keepest the law.
God forbid: for then how shall God judge the world?
And these written by name came in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smote their tents, and the habitations that were found there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their rooms: because there was pasture there for their flocks.
and the Philistines from Caphtor, and the Syrians from Kir?
Therefore wait ye upon me, saith the LORD, until the day that I rise up to the prey: for my determination is to gather the nations, that I may assemble the kingdoms, to pour upon them mine indignation, even all my fierce anger: for all the earth shall be devoured with the fire of my jealousy.
When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim, and raised up thy sons, O Zion, against thy sons, O Greece, and made thee as the sword of a mighty man.
Jesus saith unto him, Then are the children free.
Thus saith the Lord GOD; When the whole earth rejoiceth, I will make thee desolate.
To overthrow their seed also among the nations, and to scatter them in the lands.
Esaias also crieth concerning Israel, Though the number of the children of Israel be as the sand of the sea, a remnant shall be saved:
And they departed from Rimmonparez, and pitched in Libnah.
And if he smite him with throwing a stone, wherewith he may die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be forgotten.
Let Pharaoh do this, and let him appoint officers over the land, and take up the fifth part of the land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years.
If brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger: her husband's brother shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her.
And they said unto him, Caesar's.
And Othniel the son of Kenaz, the brother of Caleb, took it: and he gave him Achsah his daughter to wife.
And he carved thereon cherubims and palm trees and open flowers: and covered them with gold fitted upon the carved work.
For ye are not come unto the mount that might be touched, and that burned with fire, nor unto blackness, and darkness, and tempest,
And ye shall be holy men unto me: neither shall ye eat any flesh that is torn of beasts in the field; ye shall cast it to the dogs.
He shall reward evil unto mine enemies: cut them off in thy truth.
And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all the nations that come against Jerusalem.
And in cutting of stones, to set them, and in carving of timber, to work in all manner of workmanship.
Praise ye the LORD: for it is good to sing praises unto our God; for it is pleasant; and praise is comely.
And the LORD said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead?
And of the sons of Elam; Mattaniah, Zechariah, and Jehiel, and Abdi, and Jeremoth, and Eliah.
And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear: your hands are full of blood.
Turn us again, O God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine; and we shall be saved.
And over the host of the tribe of the children of Asher was Pagiel the son of Ocran.
Pass through the host, and command the people, saying, Prepare you victuals; for within three days ye shall pass over this Jordan, to go in to possess the land, which the LORD your God giveth you to possess it.
The children of Bebai, six hundred twenty and eight.
Now the works of the flesh are manifest, which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lasciviousness,
Behold, for peace I had great bitterness: but thou hast in love to my soul delivered it from the pit of corruption: for thou hast cast all my sins behind thy back.
Now therefore hear thou the word of the LORD: Thou sayest, Prophesy not against Israel, and drop not thy word against the house of Isaac.
I thank God that I baptized none of you, but Crispus and Gaius;
And he said to them all, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me.
My bowels, my bowels!
Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.
Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand.
For the head of Syria is Damascus, and the head of Damascus is Rezin; and within threescore and five years shall Ephraim be broken, that it be not a people.
Let me be weighed in an even balance that God may know mine integrity.
The snare is laid for him in the ground, and a trap for him in the way.
Now if thou commit no adultery, yet if thou kill, thou art become a transgressor of the law.
Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in Jordan, according to the saying of the man of God: and his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.
Thine own friend, and thy father's friend, forsake not; neither go into thy brother's house in the day of thy calamity: for better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off.
A man of great wrath shall suffer punishment: for if thou deliver him, yet thou must do it again.
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth.
And he said, I will make all my goodness pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the LORD before thee; and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and will shew mercy on whom I will shew mercy.
And Stephen, full of faith and power, did great wonders and miracles among the people.
At that time when David saw that the LORD had answered him in the threshingfloor of Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.
And called, and asked whether Simon, which was surnamed Peter, were lodged there.
Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe.
And the Sabeans fell upon them, and took them away; yea, they have slain the servants with the edge of the sword; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed unto the LORD, and said, Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness.
And when Paul was now about to open his mouth, Gallio said unto the Jews, If it were a matter of wrong or wicked lewdness, O ye Jews, reason would that I should bear with you:
And said, O LORD God of Israel, there is no God like thee in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and shewest mercy unto thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:
The mandrakes give a smell, and at our gates are all manner of pleasant fruits, new and old, which I have laid up for thee, O my beloved.
And they removed from Jotbathah, and encamped at Ebronah.
And that he was seen of Cephas, then of the twelve:
Fear and a snare is come upon us, desolation and destruction.
And thou shalt make a plate of pure gold, and grave upon it, like the engravings of a signet, HOLINESS TO THE LORD.
Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed twelve thousand.
Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you, and ye shall sow the land.
And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the LORD, to be kept for your generations.
And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression.
Is not my word like as a fire?
So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which returned out of the country of Moab: and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.
Cursed be he that confirmeth not all the words of this law to do them.
So they brought the king word again.
Pilate saith unto him, What is truth?
To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever.
or where were the righteous cut off?
Will he reserve his anger for ever?
or wilt thou leave thy labour to him?
And I have given you a land for which ye did not labour, and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat.
And, behold, men passed by, and saw the carcase cast in the way, and the lion standing by the carcase: and they came and told it in the city where the old prophet dwelt.
Let thine eyes be on the field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall not touch thee?
And he took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, Sit ye down here.
And when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep which was lost.
where is he that counted the towers?
And Judah went up; and the LORD delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand: and they slew of them in Bezek ten thousand men.
But he that sinneth against me wrongeth his own soul: all they that hate me love death.
Therefore their goods shall become a booty, and their houses a desolation: they shall also build houses, but not inhabit them; and they shall plant vineyards, but not drink the wine thereof.
But when Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing that ye do?
And when he had thus spoken, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in presence of them all: and when he had broken it, he began to eat.
And the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;
Thy father made our yoke grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee.
I will declare thy righteousness, and thy works; for they shall not profit thee.
And after he had spent some time there, he departed, and went over all the country of Galatia and Phrygia in order, strengthening all the disciples.
O Israel, thy prophets are like the foxes in the deserts.
And Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.
Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved.
Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father.
I will be surety for him; of my hand shalt thou require him: if I bring him not unto thee, and set him before thee, then let me bear the blame for ever:
And he called unto him the twelve, and began to send them forth by two and two; and gave them power over unclean spirits;
And this was done three times: and all were drawn up again into heaven.
Jesus answered him, If I have spoken evil, bear witness of the evil: but if well, why smitest thou me?
Command the children of Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:
And there were made on them, on the doors of the temple, cherubims and palm trees, like as were made upon the walls; and there were thick planks upon the face of the porch without.
And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions.
Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant, how that all our fathers were under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
And as they that bare the ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were dipped in the brim of the water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the time of harvest,)
And he brake down the houses of the sodomites, that were by the house of the LORD, where the women wove hangings for the grove.
They are of those that rebel against the light; they know not the ways thereof, nor abide in the paths thereof.
Concerning the Ammonites, thus saith the LORD; Hath Israel no sons?
The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing?
And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.
But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces thereof:
Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies?
But ye are come unto mount Sion, and unto the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels,
For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit, heard of him, and came and fell at his feet:
And, behold, as Barak pursued Sisera, Jael came out to meet him, and said unto him, Come, and I will shew thee the man whom thou seekest.
Jesus then cometh, and taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise.
And the king commanded Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying,
And when the people were come into the camp, the elders of Israel said, Wherefore hath the LORD smitten us to day before the Philistines?
And said unto the children of Israel, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, I brought up Israel out of Egypt, and delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all kingdoms, and of them that oppressed you:
and who knoweth us?
It is not good to accept the person of the wicked, to overthrow the righteous in judgment.
And upon all the ships of Tarshish, and upon all pleasant pictures.
So Esther arose, and stood before the king,
whom seekest thou?
And as we have borne the image of the earthy, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly.
And it shall come to pass in the day that the LORD shall give thee rest from thy sorrow, and from thy fear, and from the hard bondage wherein thou wast made to serve,
For thou hast broken the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian.
Then it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake you there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afraid, shall follow close after you there in Egypt; and there ye shall die.
And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father's house.
And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;
And, behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meat in the Pharisee's house, brought an alabaster box of ointment,
In the light of the king's countenance is life; and his favour is as a cloud of the latter rain.
All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things for meat to relieve the soul: see, O LORD, and consider; for I am become vile.
And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.
or who shall enter into our habitations?
The eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight, saying, No eye shall see me: and disguiseth his face.
The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.
By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches.
Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem three months.
And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,
My brethren, be not many masters, knowing that we shall receive the greater condemnation.
Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, turn, my beloved, and be thou like a roe or a young hart upon the mountains of Bether.
And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the LORD an offering in righteousness.
For in mine holy mountain, in the mountain of the height of Israel, saith the Lord GOD, there shall all the house of Israel, all of them in the land, serve me: there will I accept them, and there will I require your offerings, and the firstfruits of your oblations, with all your holy things.
Whom hast thou reproached and blasphemed?
And Moses did as the LORD commanded: and they went up into mount Hor in the sight of all the congregation.
Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us.
Of the children of Ephraim, Hoshea the son of Azaziah: of the half tribe of Manasseh, Joel the son of Pedaiah:
He will surely reprove you, if ye do secretly accept persons.
And consulted that they might take Jesus by subtilty, and kill him.
Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.
And Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel;
The LORD hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death.
Yea, I think it meet, as long as I am in this tabernacle, to stir you up by putting you in remembrance;
And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls.
And that which is left of the meat offering shall be Aaron's and his sons': it is a thing most holy of the offerings of the LORD made by fire.
This their way is their folly: yet their posterity approve their sayings.
Again the high priest asked him, and said unto him, Art thou the Christ, the Son of the Blessed?
For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly; and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple.
And Elijah took the child, and brought him down out of the chamber into the house, and delivered him unto his mother: and Elijah said, See, thy son liveth.
Chasten thy son while there is hope, and let not thy soul spare for his crying.
So they weighed for my price thirty pieces of silver.
Behold, I will bring evil upon thee, and will take away thy posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and left in Israel,
The hands of Zerubbabel have laid the foundation of this house; his hands shall also finish it; and thou shalt know that the LORD of hosts hath sent me unto you.
have ye not heard?
And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and to his sons, according to the word of the LORD, as the LORD commanded Moses.
And the rest, some on boards, and some on broken pieces of the ship.
And Joseph said unto Pharaoh, The dream of Pharaoh is one: God hath shewed Pharaoh what he is about to do.
And the altar of burnt offering with all his furniture, and the laver and his foot,
Thy fierce wrath goeth over me; thy terrors have cut me off.
And they shall amerce him in an hundred shekels of silver, and give them unto the father of the damsel, because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel: and she shall be his wife; he may not put her away all his days.
And Pharaoh called unto Moses, and said, Go ye, serve the LORD; only let your flocks and your herds be stayed: let your little ones also go with you.
And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou?
And thou shalt gather all the spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof, and shalt burn with fire the city, and all the spoil thereof every whit, for the LORD thy God: and it shall be an heap for ever; it shall not be built again.
But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings, saith the LORD: and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof, and it shall devour all things round about it.
For now thou numberest my steps: dost thou not watch over my sin?
The LORD hath loved him: he will do his pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans.
Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
The plain also, and Jordan, and the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward.
But do thou for me, O GOD the Lord, for thy name's sake: because thy mercy is good, deliver thou me.
for they wash not their hands when they eat bread.
But ye shall be named the Priests of the LORD: men shall call you the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall ye boast yourselves.
And he spake unto Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow the LORD will shew who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto him: even him whom he hath chosen will he cause to come near unto him.
And the king said unto his servants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in Israel?
Behold, he taketh away, who can hinder him?
And he said unto them, Depart yet for three days, then come again to me.
The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, after that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried away captive of Jerusalem and Judah, which were carried away captive unto Babylon.
why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy?
And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.
Better it is to be of an humble spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoil with the proud.
And Azariah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jehoram the son of Ahab at Jezreel, because he was sick.
And among the cities which ye shall give unto the Levites there shall be six cities for refuge, which ye shall appoint for the manslayer, that he may flee thither: and to them ye shall add forty and two cities.
And he made darkness pavilions round about him, dark waters, and thick clouds of the skies.
God layeth up his iniquity for his children: he rewardeth him, and he shall know it.
Because for thy sake I have borne reproach; shame hath covered my face.
Therefore I will not refrain my mouth; I will speak in the anguish of my spirit; I will complain in the bitterness of my soul.
But if he give a gift of his inheritance to one of his servants, then it shall be his to the year of liberty; after it shall return to the prince: but his inheritance shall be his sons' for them.
But the tithes of the children of Israel, which they offer as an heave offering unto the LORD, I have given to the Levites to inherit: therefore I have said unto them, Among the children of Israel they shall have no inheritance.
On the tenth day Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai, prince of the children of Dan, offered:
And I will also take of them for priests and for Levites, saith the LORD.
For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him.
And also Maachah his mother, even her he removed from being queen, because she had made an idol in a grove; and Asa destroyed her idol, and burnt it by the brook Kidron.
care not for it: but if thou mayest be made free, use it rather.
Therefore, brethren, we are debtors, not to the flesh, to live after the flesh.
And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision.
And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him.
And I called for a drought upon the land, and upon the mountains, and upon the corn, and upon the new wine, and upon the oil, and upon that which the ground bringeth forth, and upon men, and upon cattle, and upon all the labour of the hands.
And David distributed them, both Zadok of the sons of Eleazar, and Ahimelech of the sons of Ithamar, according to their offices in their service.
And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.
I spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words, saying, Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him and his people, and live.
But I keep under my body, and bring it into subjection: lest that by any means, when I have preached to others, I myself should be a castaway.
And Moses said unto the LORD, The people cannot come up to mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it.
Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God: for God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man:
When the princes of Judah heard these things, then they came up from the king's house unto the house of the LORD, and sat down in the entry of the new gate of the LORD's house.
And when Samuel had caused all the tribes of Israel to come near, the tribe of Benjamin was taken.
Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.
And the woman was made whole from that hour.
the LORD is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me.
Mine enemies chased me sore, like a bird, without cause.
So Joab the son of Zeruiah went first up, and was chief.
And the soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, lest any of them should swim out, and escape.
Deliver me not over unto the will of mine enemies: for false witnesses are risen up against me, and such as breathe out cruelty.
And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou thus dealt with us?
And Simon and they that were with him followed after him.
Now Barabbas was a robber.
Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.
A man that flattereth his neighbour spreadeth a net for his feet.
So when this was done, others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:
And he commanded the chariot to stand still: and they went down both into the water, both Philip and the eunuch; and he baptized him.
Therefore say, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Although I have cast them far off among the heathen, and although I have scattered them among the countries, yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall come.
And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand.
And Jehu drew a bow with his full strength, and smote Jehoram between his arms, and the arrow went out at his heart, and he sunk down in his chariot.
When she had heard of Jesus, came in the press behind, and touched his garment.
Lo, let that night be solitary, let no joyful voice come therein.
Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
Thou shalt not eat it; that it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee, when thou shalt do that which is right in the sight of the LORD.
And all the kings of the north, far and near, one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.
For this city hath been to me as a provocation of mine anger and of my fury from the day that they built it even unto this day; that I should remove it from before my face,
Night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face, and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith?
So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.
Wherefore I put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands.
And again he entered into Capernaum after some days; and it was noised that he was in the house.
But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.
And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast?
And the prince of the tribe of the children of Asher, Ahihud the son of Shelomi.
If thou meet thine enemy's ox or his ass going astray, thou shalt surely bring it back to him again.
Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover thy locks, make bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the rivers.
And they possessed all the coasts of the Amorites, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and from the wilderness even unto Jordan.
this is nothing else but sorrow of heart.
And the other issued out of the city against them; so they were in the midst of Israel, some on this side, and some on that side: and they smote them, so that they let none of them remain or escape.
For God hath concluded them all in unbelief, that he might have mercy upon all.
And all the men of Shechem gathered together, and all the house of Millo, and went, and made Abimelech king, by the plain of the pillar that was in Shechem.
And in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.
Shall the thing formed say to him that formed it, Why hast thou made me thus?
As a cage is full of birds, so are their houses full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen rich.
And as they heard these things, he added and spake a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear.
And all Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD.
And the suburbs of the city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the west two hundred and fifty.
Put on therefore, as the elect of God, holy and beloved, bowels of mercies, kindness, humbleness of mind, meekness, longsuffering;
From Aroer, which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: the LORD our God delivered all unto us:
And cried when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto this great city!
Wherefore do the wicked live, become old, yea, are mighty in power?
And say thou unto the people, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow, and ye shall eat flesh: for ye have wept in the ears of the LORD, saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat?
Howbeit then, when ye knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods.
Wilt not thou, O God, which hadst cast us off?
Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou shalt purge them away.
And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvellously helped, till he was strong.
And ye shall teach them your children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
And he said unto his sons, Saddle me the ass.
Go therefore now, and work; for there shall no straw be given you, yet shall ye deliver the tale of bricks.
And he let it fall in the midst of their camp, round about their habitations.
Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,
Repent ye therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord.
And it was so, that when any man came nigh to him to do him obeisance, he put forth his hand, and took him, and kissed him.
And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushabhesed, five.
And while he yet talked with them, behold, the messenger came down unto him: and he said, Behold, this evil is of the LORD; what should I wait for the LORD any longer?
When thou art come unto the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee, and shalt possess it, and shalt dwell therein, and shalt say, I will set a king over me, like as all the nations that are about me;
And Moses said unto the LORD, Then the Egyptians shall hear it, (for thou broughtest up this people in thy might from among them;)
And when the servants of David were come to Abigail to Carmel, they spake unto her, saying, David sent us unto thee, to take thee to him to wife.
Debate thy cause with thy neighbour himself; and discover not a secret to another:
And I fell down before the LORD, as at the first, forty days and forty nights: I did neither eat bread, nor drink water, because of all your sins which ye sinned, in doing wickedly in the sight of the LORD, to provoke him to anger.
And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be afraid of the ensign, saith the LORD, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in Jerusalem.
Then Abimelech went to him from Gerar, and Ahuzzath one of his friends, and Phichol the chief captain of his army.
He delivered me from my strong enemy, and from them which hated me: for they were too strong for me.
As for thee also, by the blood of thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no water.
Hear this, I pray you, ye heads of the house of Jacob, and princes of the house of Israel, that abhor judgment, and pervert all equity.
That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom, which was in Shushan the palace,
And he shall speak great words against the most High, and shall wear out the saints of the most High, and think to change times and laws: and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time.
Pour out thy wrath upon the heathen that have not known thee, and upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy name.
or their border greater than your border?
And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.
And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers' skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of the congregation,
And the LORD said unto Joshua, Be not afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up all slain before Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots with fire.
With whomsoever of thy servants it be found, both let him die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen.
And Samuel said to all the people, See ye him whom the LORD hath chosen, that there is none like him among all the people?
But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,
And all the people saw the cloudy pillar stand at the tabernacle door: and all the people rose up and worshipped, every man in his tent door.
And David behaved himself wisely in all his ways; and the LORD was with him.
So I gave them up unto their own hearts' lust: and they walked in their own counsels.
And every earthen vessel, whereinto any of them falleth, whatsoever is in it shall be unclean; and ye shall break it.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and king David made a league with them in Hebron before the LORD: and they anointed David king over Israel.
And ye have respect to him that weareth the gay clothing, and say unto him, Sit thou here in a good place; and say to the poor, Stand thou there, or sit here under my footstool:
Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid.
And Jacob lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, Esau came, and with him four hundred men.
And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.
And if a woman shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committeth adultery.
and my family the least of all the families of the tribe of Benjamin?
Afterward I came unto the house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up; and he said, Let us meet together in the house of God, within the temple, and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay thee; yea, in the night will they come to slay thee.
For his sons had seen what way the man of God went, which came from Judah.
Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not unto the voice of the LORD thy God, to keep his commandments and his statutes which he commanded thee:
And when Peter saw it, he answered unto the people, Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this?
Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh from the south to the north:
And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.
And Jacob did so, and fulfilled her week: and he gave him Rachel his daughter to wife also.
But they which shall be accounted worthy to obtain that world, and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage:
Then thou shalt say before the LORD thy God, I have brought away the hallowed things out of mine house, and also have given them unto the Levite, and unto the stranger, to the fatherless, and to the widow, according to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed thy commandments, neither have I forgotten them.
Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?)
Now the acts of David the king, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of Samuel the seer, and in the book of Nathan the prophet, and in the book of Gad the seer,
By number and by weight of every one: and all the weight was written at that time.
He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; and he that is near shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them.
For in that he died, he died unto sin once: but in that he liveth, he liveth unto God.
And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness, and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.
shall they not both fall into the ditch?
Judge not, that ye be not judged.
Wherefore it is lawful to do well on the sabbath days.
And Nabal answered David's servants, and said, Who is David?
But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.
And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins; and in him is no sin.
Saying unto them, It is written, My house is the house of prayer: but ye have made it a den of thieves.
And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and brought him up into the high places of Baal, that thence he might see the utmost part of the people.
A good man sheweth favour, and lendeth: he will guide his affairs with discretion.
Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood.
Yea, they have chosen their own ways, and their soul delighteth in their abominations.
And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell.
Then stood up upon the stairs, of the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto the LORD their God.
But in the place which the LORD shall choose in one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee.
And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains over fifties; and will set them to ear his ground, and to reap his harvest, and to make his instruments of war, and instruments of his chariots.
And the decree of Esther confirmed these matters of Purim; and it was written in the book.
Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him on high, because he hath known my name.
But know ye for certain, that if ye put me to death, ye shall surely bring innocent blood upon yourselves, and upon this city, and upon the inhabitants thereof: for of a truth the LORD hath sent me unto you to speak all these words in your ears.
Though he were a Son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered;
Thou art fairer than the children of men: grace is poured into thy lips: therefore God hath blessed thee for ever.
And of the Gadites there separated themselves unto David into the hold to the wilderness men of might, and men of war fit for the battle, that could handle shield and buckler, whose faces were like the faces of lions, and were as swift as the roes upon the mountains;
Then answered the five men that went to spy out the country of Laish, and said unto their brethren, Do ye know that there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image?
And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Joshua commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the cave wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cave's mouth, which remain until this very day.
And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance according to their families.
And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims.
Moreover the LORD will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines: and to morrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me: the LORD also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines.
Be not thou one of them that strike hands, or of them that are sureties for debts.
And, behold, two of them went that same day to a village called Emmaus, which was from Jerusalem about threescore furlongs.
All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall his habitation be.
Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation, and language, which speak any thing amiss against the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a dunghill: because there is no other God that can deliver after this sort.
And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath, and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages.
And he departed thence, and entered into a certain man's house, named Justus, one that worshipped God, whose house joined hard to the synagogue.
Verily I say unto you, that this generation shall not pass, till all these things be done.
And they marvelled all.
So Naaman came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.
For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel.
He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he shall be utterly destroyed.
Boast not against the branches.
And unto Absalom there were born three sons, and one daughter, whose name was Tamar: she was a woman of a fair countenance.
That it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth.
Then the heathen that are left round about you shall know that I the LORD build the ruined places, and plant that that was desolate: I the LORD have spoken it, and I will do it.
Then thou shalt say, They be thy servant Jacob's; it is a present sent unto my lord Esau: and, behold, also he is behind us.
There was a certain creditor which had two debtors: the one owed five hundred pence, and the other fifty.
And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.
And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king.
And Jesus stood still, and commanded him to be called.
Let the deacons be the husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.
And when all the Moabites heard that the kings were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on armour, and upward, and stood in the border.
It is in the power of my hand to do you hurt: but the God of your father spake unto me yesternight, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad.
And it shall be, if thou do at all forget the LORD thy God, and walk after other gods, and serve them, and worship them, I testify against you this day that ye shall surely perish.
For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.
But I would ye should understand, brethren, that the things which happened unto me have fallen out rather unto the furtherance of the gospel;
And there shall ye remember your ways, and all your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed.
So she discovered her whoredoms, and discovered her nakedness: then my mind was alienated from her, like as my mind was alienated from her sister.
Depart ye, depart ye, go ye out from thence, touch no unclean thing; go ye out of the midst of her; be ye clean, that bear the vessels of the LORD.
none is good, save one, that is, God.
Then hear thou in heaven their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.
And the lord said unto the servant, Go out into the highways and hedges, and compel them to come in, that my house may be filled.
Then shall he bring with a bullock a meat offering of three tenth deals of flour mingled with half an hin of oil.
Son of man, set thy face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them,
He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?
I sent him therefore the more carefully, that, when ye see him again, ye may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
Peter answering said, The Christ of God.
I Paul have written it with mine own hand, I will repay it: albeit I do not say to thee how thou owest unto me even thine own self besides.
Therefore thus saith the LORD of the men of Anathoth, that seek thy life, saying, Prophesy not in the name of the LORD, that thou die not by our hand:
The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.
And the men of Judah said, Why are ye come up against us?
He layeth up sound wisdom for the righteous: he is a buckler to them that walk uprightly.
A man was famous according as he had lifted up axes upon the thick trees.
Iron is taken out of the earth, and brass is molten out of the stone.
In the first place went the standard of the camp of the children of Judah according to their armies: and over his host was Nahshon the son of Amminadab.
And lest I should be exalted above measure through the abundance of the revelations, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the messenger of Satan to buffet me, lest I should be exalted above measure.
And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: wherefore he said unto the driver of his chariot, Turn thine hand, and carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with me to Ramothgilead?
Moreover I will subdue all thine enemies.
But he, beckoning unto them with the hand to hold their peace, declared unto them how the Lord had brought him out of the prison.
Wherefore David said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you?
And the priest said unto them, Go in peace: before the LORD is your way wherein ye go.
Then he took his eldest son that should have reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall.
Hast thou an arm like God?
These mentioned by their names were princes in their families: and the house of their fathers increased greatly.
On the first day of the first month shalt thou set up the tabernacle of the tent of the congregation.
Take the sum of the prey that was taken, both of man and of beast, thou, and Eleazar the priest, and the chief fathers of the congregation:
And for a spirit of judgment to him that sitteth in judgment, and for strength to them that turn the battle to the gate.
When Pilate heard of Galilee, he asked whether the man were a Galilaean.
And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness: therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry me out of the host; for I am wounded.
Not because I desire a gift: but I desire fruit that may abound to your account.
Then Michaiah declared unto them all the words that he had heard, when Baruch read the book in the ears of the people.
Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land out of my hand, that the LORD should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?
And he said, Which way shall we go up?
And honey, and butter, and sheep, and cheese of kine, for David, and for the people that were with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty, in the wilderness.
So teach us to number our days, that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.
And Herod was highly displeased with them of Tyre and Sidon: but they came with one accord to him, and, having made Blastus the king's chamberlain their friend, desired peace; because their country was nourished by the king's country.
Hearken unto thy father that begat thee, and despise not thy mother when she is old.
And thou shalt put it under the compass of the altar beneath, that the net may be even to the midst of the altar.
And there was a good way off from them an herd of many swine feeding.
Suffer not thy mouth to cause thy flesh to sin; neither say thou before the angel, that it was an error: wherefore should God be angry at thy voice, and destroy the work of thine hands?
But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.
Thanks be unto God for his unspeakable gift.
For my people have committed two evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.
And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Gesham, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
If a man be found stealing any of his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among you.
Hamath is confounded, and Arpad: for they have heard evil tidings: they are fainthearted; there is sorrow on the sea; it cannot be quiet.
Jesus said, Take ye away the stone.
And in the end of years they shall join themselves together; for the king's daughter of the south shall come to the king of the north to make an agreement: but she shall not retain the power of the arm; neither shall he stand, nor his arm: but she shall be given up, and they that brought her, and he that begat her, and he that strengthened her in these times.
Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, O my people, I will open your graves, and cause you to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel.
And he answering said unto him, Lord, let it alone this year also, till I shall dig about it, and dung it:
that they might accuse him.
And they were both righteous before God, walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the Lord blameless.
And as for me, thou upholdest me in mine integrity, and settest me before thy face for ever.
Righteous art thou, O LORD, and upright are thy judgments.
All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables; and without a parable spake he not unto them:
And Peter answered unto her, Tell me whether ye sold the land for so much?
We have sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have rebelled, even by departing from thy precepts and from thy judgments:
Neither will I cause men to hear in thee the shame of the heathen any more, neither shalt thou bear the reproach of the people any more, neither shalt thou cause thy nations to fall any more, saith the Lord GOD.
That Hanani, one of my brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning Jerusalem.
And say, Hear the word of the LORD, O king of Judah, that sittest upon the throne of David, thou, and thy servants, and thy people that enter in by these gates:
Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poor of the people, and the residue of the people that remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to the king of Babylon, and the rest of the multitude.
And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem.
But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of wheat harvest, that Samson visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into the chamber.
And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind.
Verily I say unto you, I will drink no more of the fruit of the vine, until that day that I drink it new in the kingdom of God.
So a measure of fine flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according to the word of the LORD.
But David could not go before it to enquire of God: for he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of the LORD.
Arabia, and all the princes of Kedar, they occupied with thee in lambs, and rams, and goats: in these were they thy merchants.
He keepeth all his bones: not one of them is broken.
But when David saw that his servants whispered, David perceived that the child was dead: therefore David said unto his servants, Is the child dead?
He is a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean; his plague is in his head.
Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually.
For he remembered that they were but flesh; a wind that passeth away, and cometh not again.
And the land shall yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety.
Against whom do ye sport yourselves?
And they sent and called him.
And as for thy nativity, in the day thou wast born thy navel was not cut, neither wast thou washed in water to supple thee; thou wast not salted at all, nor swaddled at all.
Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
The LORD your God hath multiplied you, and, behold, ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude.
And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared:
If thou sinnest, what doest thou against him?
And Moses went up from the plains of Moab unto the mountain of Nebo, to the top of Pisgah, that is over against Jericho.
And I persecuted this way unto the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.
And he that was dead sat up, and began to speak.
And thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt, and the LORD thy God redeemed thee: therefore I command thee this thing to day.
And who then is willing to consecrate his service this day unto the LORD?
Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,
And he had a son, whose name was Saul, a choice young man, and a goodly: and there was not among the children of Israel a goodlier person than he: from his shoulders and upward he was higher than any of the people.
And that year they vexed and oppressed the children of Israel: eighteen years, all the children of Israel that were on the other side Jordan in the land of the Amorites, which is in Gilead.
Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
For the LORD your God dried up the waters of Jordan from before you, until ye were passed over, as the LORD your God did to the Red sea, which he dried up from before us, until we were gone over:
O continue thy lovingkindness unto them that know thee; and thy righteousness to the upright in heart.
Fair weather cometh out of the north: with God is terrible majesty.
Man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away.
Then came to him the mother of Zebedees children with her sons, worshipping him, and desiring a certain thing of him.
For the bodies of those beasts, whose blood is brought into the sanctuary by the high priest for sin, are burned without the camp.
Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the church.
And they departed, and dwelt in the habitation of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt,
And they came to a place which was named Gethsemane: and he saith to his disciples, Sit ye here, while I shall pray.
And unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a part among the children of Judah, according to the commandment of the LORD to Joshua, even the city of Arba the father of Anak, which city is Hebron.
For he clave to the LORD, and departed not from following him, but kept his commandments, which the LORD commanded Moses.
And many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of the LORD, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of the LORD from Jerusalem.
Now these are the chief of the province that dwelt in Jerusalem: but in the cities of Judah dwelt every one in his possession in their cities, to wit, Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinims, and the children of Solomon's servants.
Now consider how great this man was, unto whom even the patriarch Abraham gave the tenth of the spoils.
And whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me.
Then did I beat them as small as the dust of the earth, I did stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad.
Then shalt thou be clear from this my oath, when thou comest to my kindred; and if they give not thee one, thou shalt be clear from my oath.
And Jacob their father said unto them, Me have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and Simeon is not, and ye will take Benjamin away: all these things are against me.
Neither shalt thou steal.
Seven years old was Jehoash when he began to reign.
And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.
Ishmael also slew all the Jews that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were found there, and the men of war.
For when ye were the servants of sin, ye were free from righteousness.
For if Jesus had given them rest, then would he not afterward have spoken of another day.
Arise, go down to meet Ahab king of Israel, which is in Samaria: behold, he is in the vineyard of Naboth, whither he is gone down to possess it.
For the seller shall not return to that which is sold, although they were yet alive: for the vision is touching the whole multitude thereof, which shall not return; neither shall any strengthen himself in the iniquity of his life.
Six years thou shalt sow thy field, and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard, and gather in the fruit thereof;
All the commandments which I command thee this day shall ye observe to do, that ye may live, and multiply, and go in and possess the land which the LORD sware unto your fathers.
And David was displeased, because the LORD had made a breach upon Uzza: wherefore that place is called Perezuzza to this day.
But to which of the angels said he at any time, Sit on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool?
All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them.
The LORD will strengthen him upon the bed of languishing: thou wilt make all his bed in his sickness.
and to what are they like?
And the angel of God, which went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:
And I will take away his blood out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that remaineth, even he, shall be for our God, and he shall be as a governor in Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite.
Art thou loosed from a wife?
But when the righteous turneth away from his righteousness, and committeth iniquity, and doeth according to all the abominations that the wicked man doeth, shall he live?
And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking unto Saul, that the soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul.
And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho.
And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!
Then David gave to Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlours thereof, and of the place of the mercy seat,
A man's belly shall be satisfied with the fruit of his mouth; and with the increase of his lips shall he be filled.
Which will not hearken to the voice of charmers, charming never so wisely.
And he sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare us the passover, that we may eat.
hath not David rather sent his servants unto thee, to search the city, and to spy it out, and to overthrow it?
And on the fifth day nine bullocks, two rams, and fourteen lambs of the first year without spot:
But his delight is in the law of the LORD; and in his law doth he meditate day and night.
In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes of the provinces, being before him:
And Reuben spake unto his father, saying, Slay my two sons, if I bring him not to thee: deliver him into my hand, and I will bring him to thee again.
To him give all the prophets witness, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins.
And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears, and a beautiful crown upon thine head.
And when they were come into the house, they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down, and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense and myrrh.
Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could not see.
And with him they crucify two thieves; the one on his right hand, and the other on his left.
Many are the afflictions of the righteous: but the LORD delivereth him out of them all.
I say then, Have they stumbled that they should fall?
I will also save you from all your uncleannesses: and I will call for the corn, and will increase it, and lay no famine upon you.
For the oppression of the poor, for the sighing of the needy, now will I arise, saith the LORD; I will set him in safety from him that puffeth at him.
But when the people of the land shall come before the LORD in the solemn feasts, he that entereth in by the way of the north gate to worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that entereth by the way of the south gate shall go forth by the way of the north gate: he shall not return by the way of the gate whereby he came in, but shall go forth over against it.
And David said unto Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there, that he would surely tell Saul: I have occasioned the death of all the persons of thy father's house.
He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life: but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction.
And Harbonah, one of the chamberlains, said before the king, Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for Mordecai, who spoken good for the king, standeth in the house of Haman.
They also that seek after my life lay snares for me: and they that seek my hurt speak mischievous things, and imagine deceits all the day long.
Love the brotherhood.
what is it which these witness against thee?
Holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.
and when wilt thou return?
And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh: and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.
and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth through?
Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my covenant with Isaac, and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember; and I will remember the land.
And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the hill of the foreskins.
Which rejoice exceedingly, and are glad, when they can find the grave?
But I have understanding as well as you; I am not inferior to you: yea, who knoweth not such things as these?
Return, ye backsliding children, and I will heal your backslidings.
And Joshua rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the ark of the LORD.
And the sword shall come upon Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain shall fall in Egypt, and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be broken down.
All these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the LORD, with cymbals, psalteries, and harps, for the service of the house of God, according to the king's order to Asaph, Jeduthun, and Heman.
And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was afraid, and turned himself: and, behold, a woman lay at his feet.
And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet.
Blessed is the man whose strength is in thee; in whose heart are the ways of them.
Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth into singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with child: for more are the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife, saith the LORD.
The burden of the desert of the sea.
Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham's concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah.
Be it known unto the king, that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and joined the foundations.
The churches of Asia salute you.
And when they had sought and could not find them, they returned to Jerusalem.
And I will send hornets before thee, which shall drive out the Hivite, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, from before thee.
Now when the centurion saw what was done, he glorified God, saying, Certainly this was a righteous man.
I love the LORD, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications.
With whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication.
Gracious is the LORD, and righteous; yea, our God is merciful.
Give her of the fruit of her hands; and let her own works praise her in the gates.
So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shiloh, and after they had drunk.
And John calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to Jesus, saying, Art thou he that should come?
Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded.
And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir;
All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship before thee, O Lord; and shall glorify thy name.
And a mitre of fine linen, and goodly bonnets of fine linen, and linen breeches of fine twined linen,
I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the LORD; and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin.
And she answered and said unto him, Yes, Lord: yet the dogs under the table eat of the children's crumbs.
And there arose not a prophet since in Israel like unto Moses, whom the LORD knew face to face,
These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread.
And Chesed, and Hazo, and Pildash, and Jidlaph, and Bethuel.
So Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance.
We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil:
Great is our Lord, and of great power: his understanding is infinite.
For, behold, the LORD commandeth, and he will smite the great house with breaches, and the little house with clefts.
Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, even unto every one that entereth into the house of the LORD, his daily portion for their service in their charges according to their courses;
Then Benhadad came forth to him; and he caused him to come up into the chariot.
Labour not to be rich: cease from thine own wisdom.
The children of Hariph, an hundred and twelve.
That thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukable, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ:
Even after a certain rate every day, offering according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of tabernacles.
To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
Praise ye him, all his angels: praise ye him, all his hosts.
And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they delivered Paul and certain other prisoners unto one named Julius, a centurion of Augustus' band.
And didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the Red sea;
The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer.
And the man Micah had an house of gods, and made an ephod, and teraphim, and consecrated one of his sons, who became his priest.
But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of.
But into the second went the high priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself, and for the errors of the people:
But ye gave the Nazarites wine to drink; and commanded the prophets, saying, Prophesy not.
But ye say, If a man shall say to his father or mother, It is Corban, that is to say, a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me; he shall be free.
But if they will not obey, I will utterly pluck up and destroy that nation, saith the LORD.
And they shall recompense your lewdness upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols: and ye shall know that I am the Lord GOD.
Now the Philistines gathered together their armies to battle, and were gathered together at Shochoh, which belongeth to Judah, and pitched between Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim.
The hands of the pitiful women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the destruction of the daughter of my people.
And it shall come to pass in that day, saith the LORD of hosts, that I will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass out of the land.
I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours.
The LORD shall laugh at him: for he seeth that his day is coming.
But there was a strong tower within the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all they of the city, and shut it to them, and gat them up to the top of the tower.
Grudge not one against another, brethren, lest ye be condemned: behold, the judge standeth before the door.
And they made bells of pure gold, and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the pomegranates;
And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked: and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter.
Until the day break, and the shadows flee away, I will get me to the mountain of myrrh, and to the hill of frankincense.
Knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth?
That he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man;
Against him came up Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to Babylon.
On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come into the congregation of God for ever;
And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy upon you, and cause you to return to your own land.
And Israel served the LORD all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that overlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of the LORD, that he had done for Israel.
And these are the singers, chief of the fathers of the Levites, who remaining in the chambers were free: for they were employed in that work day and night.
And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him an hundred and threescore males.
Praise the LORD, O Jerusalem; praise thy God, O Zion.
Behold, I waited for your words; I gave ear to your reasons, whilst ye searched out what to say.
And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.
And Isaac said unto him, Because I said, Lest I die for her.
And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of war, mighty men of valour, were in Jerusalem.
And after him arose Jair, a Gileadite, and judged Israel twenty and two years.
son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters, and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place:
Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out?
And the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose,
The sorrows of death compassed me, and the floods of ungodly men made me afraid.
And Abner said unto David, I will arise and go, and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king, that they may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine heart desireth.
In the lips of him that hath understanding wisdom is found: but a rod is for the back of him that is void of understanding.
And it shall come to pass, if they will not believe thee, neither hearken to the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the latter sign.
who shall dwell in thy holy hill?
And Joshua said unto them, Pass over before the ark of the LORD your God into the midst of Jordan, and take you up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel:
For the LORD shall judge his people, and repent himself for his servants, when he seeth that their power is gone, and there is none shut up, or left.
And the people did yet corruptly.
But as for the mighty man, he had the earth; and the honourable man dwelt in it.
And we took their land, and gave it for an inheritance unto the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to the half tribe of Manasseh.
If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him: but if a man sin against the LORD, who shall intreat for him?
Moreover I will appoint a place for my people Israel, and will plant them, that they may dwell in a place of their own, and move no more; neither shall the children of wickedness afflict them any more, as beforetime,
Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying,
Saying unto them, Go into the village over against you, and straightway ye shall find an ass tied, and a colt with her: loose them, and bring them unto me.
And, Let every one that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity.
They make the king glad with their wickedness, and the princes with their lies.
And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window, and saw king David leaping and dancing before the LORD; and she despised him in her heart.
There brake he the arrows of the bow, the shield, and the sword, and the battle.
For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe.
LORD, I have loved the habitation of thy house, and the place where thine honour dwelleth.
Lest the avenger of the blood pursue the slayer, while his heart is hot, and overtake him, because the way is long, and slay him; whereas he was not worthy of death, inasmuch as he hated him not in time past.
And they made two ouches of gold, and two gold rings; and put the two rings in the two ends of the breastplate.
When righteous men do rejoice, there is great glory: but when the wicked rise, a man is hidden.
Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in your eyes?
He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of understanding holdeth his peace.
And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy God, which thou shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house.
And when the ass saw the angel of the LORD, she fell down under Balaam: and Balaam's anger was kindled, and he smote the ass with a staff.
An angry man stirreth up strife, and a furious man aboundeth in transgression.
Then Peter went down to the men which were sent unto him from Cornelius; and said, Behold, I am he whom ye seek: what is the cause wherefore ye are come?
So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the righteous: verily he is a God that judgeth in the earth.
And when she is departed out of his house, she may go and be another man's wife.
and he that keepeth thy soul, doth not he know it?
Whoso robbeth his father or his mother, and saith, It is no transgression; the same is the companion of a destroyer.
And the people shall be oppressed, every one by another, and every one by his neighbour: the child shall behave himself proudly against the ancient, and the base against the honourable.
Till I make thine enemies thy footstool.
Therefore thus saith the LORD of hosts concerning the prophets; Behold, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water of gall: for from the prophets of Jerusalem is profaneness gone forth into all the land.
And the children of Lotan were Hori and Hemam; and Lotan's sister was Timna.
For all tables are full of vomit and filthiness, so that there is no place clean.
For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living dog is better than a dead lion.
Neither do men put new wine into old bottles: else the bottles break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put new wine into new bottles, and both are preserved.
Honour thy father and mother; which is the first commandment with promise;
Lover and friend hast thou put far from me, and mine acquaintance into darkness.
And he made the incense altar of shittim wood: the length of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit; it was foursquare; and two cubits was the height of it; the horns thereof were of the same.
When he therefore was come up again, and had broken bread, and eaten, and talked a long while, even till break of day, so he departed.
And the very God of peace sanctify you wholly; and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven, that one of these little ones should perish.
And he turned himself, and went out from Pharaoh.
And Solomon determined to build an house for the name of the LORD, and an house for his kingdom.
And when he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was afterward an hungred.
And the LORD said, Judah shall go up: behold, I have delivered the land into his hand.
So those servants went out into the highways, and gathered together all as many as they found, both bad and good: and the wedding was furnished with guests.
In the day when the keepers of the house shall tremble, and the strong men shall bow themselves, and the grinders cease because they are few, and those that look out of the windows be darkened,
And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of valour.
A scorner seeketh wisdom, and findeth it not: but knowledge is easy unto him that understandeth.
Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.
For when ye offer your gifts, when ye make your sons to pass through the fire, ye pollute yourselves with all your idols, even unto this day: and shall I be enquired of by you, O house of Israel?
Let the day perish wherein I was born, and the night in which it was said, There is a man child conceived.
Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come.
And the people that were encamped heard say, Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made Omri, the captain of the host, king over Israel that day in the camp.
And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together into the east street,
Go your ways: behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves.
Thus saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel, saying; Ye and your wives have both spoken with your mouths, and fulfilled with your hand, saying, We will surely perform our vows that we have vowed, to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her: ye will surely accomplish your vows, and surely perform your vows.
If thou be the Son of God, come down from the cross.
Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.
Go not to glean in another field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:
But fornication, and all uncleanness, or covetousness, let it not be once named among you, as becometh saints;
And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the Levites, all that could skill of instruments of musick.
Is it fit to say to a king, Thou art wicked?
That ye shall say, It is the sacrifice of the LORD's passover, who passed over the houses of the children of Israel in Egypt, when he smote the Egyptians, and delivered our houses.
Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan.
Samaria shall become desolate; for she hath rebelled against her God: they shall fall by the sword: their infants shall be dashed in pieces, and their women with child shall be ripped up.
And his brethren, chief of the fathers, two hundred forty and two: and Amashai the son of Azareel, the son of Ahasai, the son of Meshillemoth, the son of Immer,
Now it came to pass, when they had heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.
Accounting that God was able to raise him up, even from the dead; from whence also he received him in a figure.
Take ye therefore good heed unto yourselves; for ye saw no manner of similitude on the day that the LORD spake unto you in Horeb out of the midst of the fire:
Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die; and he charged Solomon his son, saying,
Also can any understand the spreadings of the clouds, or the noise of his tabernacle?
And in the seventh day the priest shall look on the plague: and, behold, if the scall spread not, and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper than the skin;
And he set all the people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by the king round about.
For she did not know that I gave her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they prepared for Baal.
Behold also the ships, which though they be so great, and are driven of fierce winds, yet are they turned about with a very small helm, whithersoever the governor listeth.
Wherefore the sin of the young men was very great before the LORD: for men abhorred the offering of the LORD.
And Abigail hasted, and arose and rode upon an ass, with five damsels of hers that went after her; and she went after the messengers of David, and became his wife.
And her husband went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim.
For thy name's sake, O LORD, pardon mine iniquity; for it is great.
For I heard the defaming of many, fear on every side.
Then Abner answered and said, Who art thou that criest to the king?
Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped.
That we henceforth be no more children, tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie in wait to deceive;
A man that is an heretick after the first and second admonition reject;
Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty.
Yea, he sent out his arrows, and scattered them; and he shot out lightnings, and discomfited them.
Pull me out of the net that they have laid privily for me: for thou art my strength.
Woe unto them that seek deep to hide their counsel from the LORD, and their works are in the dark, and they say, Who seeth us?
Because I have called, and ye refused; I have stretched out my hand, and no man regarded;
Saying, Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee.
And when thou hast accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the iniquity of the house of Judah forty days: I have appointed thee each day for a year.
The measure thereof is longer than the earth, and broader than the sea.
He withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous: but with kings are they on the throne; yea, he doth establish them for ever, and they are exalted.
Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors.
For thus hath the LORD said unto me, Go, set a watchman, let him declare what he seeth.
That all the people of the earth may know that the LORD is God, and that there is none else.
They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks:
Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee?
And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the first and the last, which was dead, and is alive;
Hear my prayer, O LORD, give ear to my supplications: in thy faithfulness answer me, and in thy righteousness.
Thus God rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in slaying his seventy brethren:
Thou preparedst room before it, and didst cause it to take deep root, and it filled the land.
And she sent them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window.
For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this trespass.
Now these are the words of the letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem unto the residue of the elders which were carried away captives, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon;
He which testifieth these things saith, Surely I come quickly.
Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast in the stocks.
And mount Sinai was altogether on a smoke, because the LORD descended upon it in fire: and the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quaked greatly.
And Onan knew that the seed should not be his; and it came to pass, when he went in unto his brother's wife, that he spilled it on the ground, lest that he should give seed to his brother.
Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear.
Then the congregation shall judge between the slayer and the revenger of blood according to these judgments:
I have longed for thy salvation, O LORD; and thy law is my delight.
And they were offended in him.
And Pharaoh awoke, and, behold, it was a dream.
For strangers are risen up against me, and oppressors seek after my soul: they have not set God before them.
And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came.
And the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.
A continual dropping in a very rainy day and a contentious woman are alike.
And, behold, I will give to thy servants, the hewers that cut timber, twenty thousand measures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures of barley, and twenty thousand baths of wine, and twenty thousand baths of oil.
And all the days of Seth were nine hundred and twelve years: and he died.
Though ye offer me burnt offerings and your meat offerings, I will not accept them: neither will I regard the peace offerings of your fat beasts.
The heavens declare his righteousness, and all the people see his glory.
And ye murmured in your tents, and said, Because the LORD hated us, he hath brought us forth out of the land of Egypt, to deliver us into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us.
And the people gat them by stealth that day into the city, as people being ashamed steal away when they flee in battle.
