Im geeking over this female and wow . Private life hits different .
Is it just me or does your thumb look like a puddle?
Kushners Middle East peace plan is already a complete failure: Israeli parliamentarian
Please sign this petition fellow dog lovers out there
is euphoria any good?
Bowie: hey boo Thang! Me: ... what??
Is asking a former Senator about his past votes calling him a racist? Not the same
i need to appreciate myself more
wait when is carat selca day ??? #MGMAVOTE #SEVENTEEN
Because according to Rex Ryder Tillerson hes a fucking moron.
time to kick it up a notch!
Once #Sagittarius know you are a dishonest person, they will cut you off their lives.
Eeeey Tholie shut up yeses with your 5km forehead. No asked. Zodwa is gene
Many many congratulations
Take a close look at his profile picture.... He is clearly using "complain no jutsu"
Kraft Mac and Cheese + a Disney movie
African And White by China Crisis Follow me in Spotify: Arthur_Hates #SFF #RedEvilEmpress
You are clueless, you moronic asshole.
different in what regards? (curious!)
This is so important to keep reminding our fellow citizens:
It's 79F in #Chicagosmoke & winds at N9.17mph
I have a side of me that people have never seen.
Make sure to like and rt this its my #StaySelcaDay !!
when has that ever stopped us from having the same fight twenty times
The way this is set up has me dying
Too tight to fit 4 fingers right then but he sure made my ass slap and wet.
Keep your feet warm and add a splash of colour, maybe
Poetry - on the attack at #TDF2019. Photo:
Literally came out of nowhere but saw it through a couple pages on twitter and Instagram
Now I wish some of my friends would go vegan
dream!tl can i be renjun for a sec ok nah
I want to hate Jed so much, but I cant #TheBachelorette
Lmaooo Ive never fought a pretty bitch its always been them hating ass ugly bitches
I want a boyfriend, but I dont. understand?
If there's a marijuana-ology, I'll be your mentor.
Abdul Sattar Edhi being remembered on third death anniversary
If ppl choose to believe the wrong things about you let them
Trump's lawyers would insist. And they'd win the argument.
Nice. I enjoyed reading that.
This little human of mine is so pure & perfect.
Chairman Rose will 100% buy you a Switch for feet pics
heres my dearest hope for the next kingdom hearts game
World Cup 2019: Complete List of Records Made by Pakistan
The 22yr old followed Clinton everywhere and her friends, under oath said
Hes deffo pumped someone
THE FACT THAT SHE ENDED THE LIVE TO GO SUCK OFFSETS DICK IM WEAK
Anyways dont open tht link we
G-Eazy's Pushing Hard to Play Elvis in Upcoming Biopic
I wouldn't want to be within ten blocks of him.
New post: Hello world
im kiddinggggg..... unless youre down
Jackknifed semi-trailer on I-77 NB at 277 #traffic
#NowPlaying Your Key Fits Monique - Your Key Fits
100 rts for me to buy this game and stream it
10 MONTHS SINCE WE FOUND OUT JOE AND DIANNE WERE PARTNERS OMG
Happy Birthday to the best daughter in the known universe, Send her some love, yall!
Path of light by Martin Podt
i cried dude but yeah shes gonna call when she can
Tamar: they call me a muppets The rest of the cast:
Strap yourselves in for a fantastic futuristic - ride! #bookclub
SHES NOT GOING TO THE FUCKING WHITE HOUSE!! #USAvNED
What about a teacher and a teacher?
No, but you do need ovaries and testes.
Two Tons O' Fun - Just Us (Slayd5000)
Risk Alerts: Medical Marijuana; LED Lighting and Eyesight Damage
I hope everyone has a great Monday except Anjana om Kashyap.
Good morning everyone
That all they want is love
Next time I come do your show can we be hat twins?
I'm gonna love like I never loved before # #
Hello my labs #ALDUBxADNLovingHearts
Now thats a PARTY!! From Follow them and us and
Just went live! Come hang out! #WolfPackStreamers #StayAwesome
Oh that's cool! Thanks!!
FROMIS REALLY BE LOOKING LIKE HUMAN DOLLSSBDBDJD
Throwing bullets like Andrew luck
not to be dramatic but making a buildabear with someone would complete my life
I wanna be laid up rn but instead Im laying up in my damn bed cause I cant sleep
If the drag brunch is also animorphs themed I would very much like to attend
if this video edit gets 1M views ill buy everyone who rts this a lightstick
Thought that was a new euphemism until i saw the picture.
Top 4 on the Global Spotify chart: 1 Seorita 2 I Dont Care 3 bad guy 4 Goodbyes
happiness comes in waves
What we don't get is the norm will al
you cant pay me to give a fck about anything anymore
Yay! Ill order them then! I dont have patience to wait on them!
Still in love with the same person. 10 bilion people, but you're still my favourite.
Listening now...seems very very interesting
Moji has found a opportunity in chaos
Make For Make? dm The Boyz : LA - (Cant Do Day6 in Moscow, TBZ in Warsaw, or PTG in Por
Jesus was probably a Cris Angel scam artist tricking people lmao
Order through us #Epharma
Enjoy the week ahead! Happy Monday! #YoungDrivers #Monday #MondayMotivation
Can i have this cute video of Jimin
Bareback - Colby Chambers & Mickey Knox Full Video & Download here:
This post was made by Thot Patrol
Ten dollars fairly cheap.
stuck waitin?! some things never change
Tacklife 131-Foot Laser Tape Measure for $20 + free shipping -
And his modeling agency.
RIGHT HERE ! Stop PLAYING
Sign Alex Morgan #mufc
That's you in your Avi?
**if sorry #MGMAVOTE #SEVENTEEN
Anyone still watch #Catfish? Someone made a fake page of me today and Im livid
LIGHTROOM PRESET a thread
As the Bulls fall in summer league, trade interest in Kris Dunn shows apulse
literally why are they all looking different directions
Let us define "minding your own business" from an African context now...
Knoxville aint for me
Fire station is in extreme danger
Feitan is so slimy they're DRIPPING in oil
PLAYING NOW "Blessings" by #ShoutsOnY w/ x
Cavalier you say? Better than the Ford Sierra...and Roundheads...humourless buggers
The IRS says Robert Mercer, the big Trump donor, owes $7,000,000,000 in back taxes.
mostly because Keith Powers & Rome Flynn were 2 of them... Im #saaaaaad
I am like hungry but not hungry
the best candy in the world dont me
yall kissing before marriage?
why are yall so fucking HORNY today good lord
The shit that people do smh
my day started off shitty, but not going to let it affect me
if sihun makes it to final lineup i'll buy everyone who rts this their debut album
i love her she's giving women so much confidence she deserves the world and more
I already tried that.
I liked the og version that they was performing before the album dropped.
This year's rookie support piece.
HUHUHUHU HOW LUCKY YOU AREEEE
At this time it can't happened bro
This is what we called betting around the bush
the hyunjinbin youre looking for is I just stole their since they wanna hide nsnsnsnsn
Me: everyone is a douche but me Everyone: that guy is a douche
Blind & De Ligt and Tadic & Donny during training today.
Check out the most ASTOUNDING TRUTH in the Universe or are you a Scaredy-cat?
Here is the first trailer for #Maleficent: Mistress of Evil! #MaleficentMistressOfEvil
I gossip about it thats worse lol
We love you and your husband
I want 10 of these plz and ty
she got that olivia nygma wing
Ok, heres a list of some issues opposed by conservatives: Environment/climate Civil r
Isko Moreno to foreigners: Respect our rules
He will be missed greatly when he goes to the Senior Tour, hop
Malik the Eagles walk with ours like a day
Dont worry, youre as irreplaceable as Bey Unless youre saying you should watch B9
Pit: Yeah. It's like a birthday party where everyone wants to kill me.
Bout to start calling random ppl nephew on my old head shit
Very nice furry pussy!
Nah Doo, you just a blurry face having ass
i already miss cameron boyce so much
YEWANDE WE HAVE AVENGED YOU IN COMPLETE #loveisland
They cut Jungkooks hair the scissors touched his hair
Hungry For Spring Breakers Part 3 - Romi's husband can't stand the noise! >> <<
This is an insult to the Munster's.
I just want to be happy without having to force and lie to myself.
BXXX RATED 18+ #__BLUE #HASUNGWOON_BLUE
Vehicle Crime Newtown. Sent by Dorset Police; via Neighbourhood Alert:
Look #XRPCommunity A lot of #XRP being bought in the #USA #ASIA and #Europe
Do this pwease while I work on wips
I'm at Diagnostic Imaging Center in Overland Park, KS
2 yr anniversary of my jail selfies
Honestly wouldnt be surprised if Liverpool signed him. Were taking way too long
not all heroes wear capes #StrangerThings
Lol figures why I dont wanna talk to anyone rn
alex smith is mobile tho
Technically the Throne was figurative.
england makes the best bands
I probably just unfollowed you
Who else hates sex with condom?
JUST KEEP TWEETING! LET OUR VOICES BE HEARD!!! #JusticeForAilee
A wood Everyday, take the stress away
Too laughable man. I used to think "More space for me!"
baby waking up every 2 hours + sick toddler waking up early =
My #ChoiceYoutuber is
new york shitty!!!!!!!! #SSD #StaySelcaDay
jimin is so round, i wanna kith him
Lakers funny as shit for announcing Bron as the point guard
I feel so nauseous from this damn headache, is it time to go yet?
#DeleteYourAccount HATER!!!
Did you read your text book
#WritingCommunity #writers #authors #bloggers Who do your write your books for?
I love you dong be strong
I haven't had a phone for 4 days. This is torture.
i have 3 more hours to kill before doctor's appointment huhuhu
My little bro obviously wants me to stop supporting him financially
A very happy birthday to you
Tickets on sale for these now!
My birthday comin' up and a nigga ain't got any booty organised.
how does one know if they broke/fractured their wrist? #ineedanswers
Hey Cool tweets, bro. Heres one I wish you had sent a decade ago:
Should Kaishi bust out the cg proving that statement invalid
Ok lets see u play this char then
Sir ji please see this new Thali with mobile space in it ha ha
We do it for you, 17s See you Wednesday, Atlanta!
More to the point. They had a sound understanding of the world.
But do you really think he survived that ?
free spooky stuff and all it takes to enter is a like & rt !!!
my family be asking if we still together and it breaks my heart to tell them that we aint
the lengths guys will go to to get the girl... [THREAD]
Listen to podcasts? has an incredible series on Rasputin
My #clip - Only Badgirls Smoke just sold! #SMOKING via
you dont deserve rights
Me showing all my love to SVT: #SEVENTEEN #MGMAVOTE
Us women were amazing!
Deutsche Bank begins cutting 18,000 jobs
True or lie? #SegundaDetremuraSDV #SegundaLigaDaJusticaSDV
I just wanna get lost in a giant field of sunflowers
crazy cause i just asked the lord to remove all fake and toxic people from my life
tomato filter is cute but we were cuter [#stayselcaday #staybeautiful
you guys really are 12 omg
i know im convinced shes a witch but also im 200% trying this
my only duty in this world is support vope
I need a life outside of this one
I advise you to withdraw your biased tweet!?
Just shaved and I look 3 years younger...
Video: street vibes #StLucia
Looks like its organized by the spread. Which Im sure they chose for exactly this effect.
Went from doing postmates to the Nets wild
Cant believe Ive been done like this
Its been a minute, whats good twitter
VERNON SAID EQUAL RIGHTS, CUE IN THE GAYS' NATIONAL ANTHEM, ROCKET. #MGMAVOTE #SEVENTEEN
The #BrandNew Power Hour Radio show from #M7 Members and in rotation every Wednesday on
Does anyone remember the JJ Abrams Star Trek movies?
No but I'll tell you what he does BEAT!!
i stole this lol but rt for an acc rate user: layout: bio: pinned:
Waking up to Attachments
Why call for a handball then! He didn't want a goal from ghana for a fact.
if u want something just ask. dont hit me w some weak small talk first. fr
Thank you so much you are so talented
The Twilight series go crazy idc
Good morning, Philadelphia University of Pennsylvania
Where's Newton when you need him most?
No, it depends how many who oppose no deal are pr
RT RT OchoToon #LadyGaga #KCAMexico
you are challenged by gym leader allister! #pokemon #PokemonSwordandShield #allister
Ovulation sex top tier. That thang be READY. Like the inside of a Hot Pocket.
Why is this the premise for 80% of doctor who companions
02:56 Temp. 10.9C, Hum. 82%, Dewp. 7.1C, Bar. 1018 hpa, Rain Today 0 mm, Wind 90 1.1 km/h
Lemme deaden that real quick
I always love this pic, he is so cutee #DIMFxSUHO
i'll leave him to you
no lie.. i would of jumped in
/edc GOOD LUCK GUYS!!!!
Probably. I got no dog in the live action Mushu battle. I've never even seen the ca
Florence Pindrys, artist known for her delicately painted sea shells #womensart
LETS GOOOOO, were going to Colombia!!!
you just can't demand a person to go the extra mile for you. If they want, they'll do.
Ollie really embraced the title of being Jaehyuns uncle
Gucci, Kid Buu, and the Internet about Kodak +others are talking shit
I feel like I just watched her grow up
A reminder that has an Instagram page!
Wait. LMFAO. Bitch she is going off puss boots!!!
yeah,, communication thats annoying and unnecessary that triggers my anxiety
my #choicemusicwebstar is
Tears? For Cancer season? Groundbreaking.
Apperently Pokemon isn't even a priority to GameFreak they stopped caring
me ignoring hyunjung bc dawon abs
Bro omg idk what this says bc u look dumb and i cant read dumb peoples tweet just wan
Me having to make sure my family doesn't eat the ice cream I buy
Lets do our best for Bangtan! 1 RT = 1 VOTE 1 REPLY = 1 VOTE #MGMAVOTE #BTS
Voter fraud, specifically ineligible voters & ballot box stuffing/ballot harvesting
bruh youre fucking kidding me right? every white person is mentally ill? suck my dick
Sometimes stupid like cant be fixed.
This is hilarious wow reminds me of me when I get Brielle from school
Grand New Xiaomi Mi Box S TV BOX 4K HDR Media Player Android 8.1 2+8GB WiFi
Oof get better brother lol
Please rise for our national anthem... we
I dont wanna cause no drama
(+empty) # #JUNGKOOK #BTS
everyone: youre obviously still bothered me:
He mad cuz he tried and couldn't do it
when will i ever lose weight? damn
codeword for a fats. dime a dozen. wear a jimmy fren
My Roomba completed a cleaning job!
maybe if oikawa went to shiratorizawa he would have gone to nationals
Excellent job #CBP American Citizens support you %
Question: why does journalism matter? Answer:
Its so disrespectful I hate itttttt
This video clip was in Thailand his name is Chai
There is a market for sure
This sorta just happened... the rhinestones not the ears.
GANAMOS !!! GAME OVER
50% of the way through 2019. BTC up 295%
So I take it you had a fun drive home?
Get ready for Trump TV
me seeing that tata is trending but its tata the soccer coach Im
trump is unfit #UnfitForOffice
Relationships are 95% about gaining weight.
When goes live to a sports bar and they are chanting Fuck Trump! This made my day!
Nipsey said it best...FUCK excuses you either want it or you dont...
How can you say that when uk existed? The bop that invented all bops
Happy birthday #Sonny! Nice one, Sonny! Nice one, Son! #COYS
She gone fuck around lose them kids playin wit them drugs like this
Shit damn near sum characters the way they lie n boost shit
For the egyptians you see today, you shall see them no more!! #GHATUN
Daily Photo #JonMoxley
OR that a bee and a human can fall in love
Why nobody know how to act in the grocery store now ?
and the others on her team that hate America can go straight to hell. Theyre putrid scum.
I really want that bear hoodie.
Our Bang Babe gets her pussy shared by two cocks! NEW tomorrow
Happy birthday Dada, you've always been an inspiration for me and all the youth out there
x never ever disappoint.
Sorry. Meant 25th. Thanks to all you proofreaders!
my hard stan ass needs to control herself, were soft stans on this account
10 hours done 45 minutes to go
Anyone wanna go see The Beths wednesday night ??
Join us in 30! - and Part of
Stop texting them first and youll realize how much they actually care to talk to you.
Nak, If you really love the person, take the risk.
One person who needs to be blocked is
you are challenged by gym leader allister! #pokemon #PokemonSwordandShield #allister
hobi i love but what the fuck are those shoes
I hope my future wife is okay right now
the best squad #MacaBeso #BarbaraLopezTrendy #SantiagoAchagaTrendy #KCAMexico
He do me so wrong ima pop them legs!
Youre an amazing girl you deserve someone like that
NEW MUSIC. COMING SOON. WHOS READY?
Im really good but I dont think Im a well known skywars youtuber
nobody: me tryna find the perfect watermelon:
look at hanbin being excited and all uwu
...and didn't he blend in well!!
Nice set of asian holes waiting to be stretched by bwc - double the fun
HYUNJAE TOOK MY FUCKING PHONE OH MY GOD
Im coming for vos fesses >:^(
What is that? She asked following him
#avfc fans, thoughts on the 19/20 home kit?
Me walking into brunch after my abortion appointment. Better luck next summer mooshie!
South African Men hehe #Uyajola99
Namjoons veins in the picture he just posted on Weverse Im going FERAL
baekhyun doing this part in vroom vroom expect it is betcha as the bgm
GOT7s Jinyoung Stole A Flying Kiss From Mark Just So He Could Give It To Fans
im sad, feel free to send me money
SteamVR Beta Updated - 1.6.1
i made this lil video for ashton because it's his birthday
Softee Loki has found the most beautiful butterfly!!!
I built an app that does triangulation of points on theearth
'Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?'
good morning mga ka-TURN AROUND LOOK AT WHAT YOU SEEEEEHEEE
HGV Class 1 Driver - Swindon - new vacancy aimed at ex-forces/ex-services. More:
1900 68TH Street N #301, St Petersburg, FL 33710 now has a new price of $160,000!
Every party does the same to us. Need to awake and like other we hindu has to make o
Whitney houston laugh
Stop struggling to fit into a friendship that doesnt value you. Nobody is indispensable.
Im not responsible for hurting your feelings. you grown right?
------KIW RULES KIW----- Retweet and reply for follback
like i promise if i has the opportunity to leave today id be gone yesterday.
Fantastic to see #Gardenshour
OwO With that gay wolf thing from the internet
yall weak ass cant stand with chinese writings
Stop asking me whats up, everything is up to me.
this is the owner of the art,im mad that people just repost
Then you have proven you are not a Christian. A you would believe everyon
So we have shortage of? Brains?
RT: MixAmpPapi #MaiaReficco #Kallystas #GO #Sucker #JonasBrothers #KCAMexico
I want to try this but without the rope
What a wonderful day to watch soccer
Cant get stressed when you dont think at all
July 08, 2019 at 12:00PM Central time.
literally i sent you the tea in a 5 minutes vn but you were like MCAT
He could finally hold the water hose today
NEW! White Hate Liberal ice cream! Made without cow farts!
Getting drunk on a Monday night must be a long week ahead
what it hasn't happened?
water was always going to be wet I guess
161016 who wouldn't forget this one #JEONGYEON #TWICE #TWICE #TWICE
woah. why have i not copped jump force.
#TBR He was so damn confident. So self-assured. It made her crazy... Lucas Blade
I mean if you want to come play at Camp Nou youve gotta show us you want it
I wouldnt be me without the struggle
Get over here with my fucking baby, Bradley.
You DUMB If You Think G-Herbo HARDER Than King Von
The Ounce is: 1399.00 $ at :2019/07/08 08:10:24 AM (GMT 4)
EXACTLY will wouldve been so much more better off
Julie Ertz's World Cup Trophy photoshoot >>>
when ur friends leave u out
Asin, am asking too ooo
TAEHYUNG MAKING A HEART WITH HIS FACE PLEASE HE'S SO CUTE ASDFASD
True Blue->Shamdel->concon 7 #jubeat
Buying home decor makes me so excited lmao im such a seora
I nominate for #100MostHandsomeFaces2019
atiny look at this lightstick idea!!! too!!!
Christie and Sam are sharing "Jack is shady" stories. #bb21
She is gorgeous too...
Im not aging. Im established.
Tough loss but only the beginning of a new era for the #USMNT. #GoldCupFinal
cant wait to see u lose ur fingers in a few years
That why aq single sampai lanih
Professional clown drops out!
I'm first hand ashamed of you
Im genuinely confused like is this normal here or is it a dvke thing
they shook. We up by 39 in the third quarter
New article - SCP-378: Brainworm by ThrashDriveshaft, UraniumEmpire.
i just wanna text you but for what
Tyga said he T-Wayne now
Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak says most people should delete Facebook
Posting this so I never lose it
Females aint shit bro, focus on city boy summer
Reguilon: "I know that one day I will be able to succeed at Real Madrid"
Obsessed with this product! #bite #complimentary #voxbox
The article does not state that it will be on CBC. The article actually i
I made it. an account just to retweet freckete frek frack papapapa arts
Virat shaking hands with hidden talent
Will we ever see the 2000 documents, that is the question
I cant believe aunt May died
stay loyal or stay awayy
Sisters and best friends for life
fuck ya'll he showed me anyways
Overconfidence will be the end of Tacha #bbnaija
Stay that way #PeckPalitchoke #
capsuleshow via Instagram m
That's one cray cray Yak for icecream, one salty TBT for my haters
Pegboard Nerds - Pressure Cooker
[PRE] 190707 Speak Your Self Tour~ Osaka #V # # # #TAEHYUNG # # #BTS
This is what you wanted to do
Look who's joining #FamilyFoodFight this week . Hint:
Will always be iconic
do it for them. #MGMAVOTE #MAMAMOO
Meghann's RTX weekend, alternatively named What is She Taller Than
Mayghadddd russelllll
Ayo really dont like bambu?
First 100 people to RT this tweet gets a blessing of $500 DM FOR PAYMENT
happy new week enjoy #HopiArt #FirstNations
Yall just can't let people be happy on this app, ya'll hate to see it
I actually want to die I hate when people burp/the sound of burping. Omg
Please dont comment on my breasts.
Fourth of July was lit
Wakaso will never learn #BlackStars
still the best edit of him ever made
Epstein is connected to Trump Secretary of Labor Alexander Acosta:
literally me with all the problems getting thrown onto my face
Burger king cheeseburger ++280 cal
MSP Sure Banker Lotto BANKER forToday
Any idea who is this? Makes wonderful and valid points
PERSONAL BACKWOOD ROLLER APPLICATIONS NOW BEING ACCEPTED
If only Americans cared as much about the homeless as they do about a strangers dog.
free ice cream 4 life
The one time I miss The Drum and Josh is on. Annoyed now.
Britain should protect the worlds minorities, Bishop tells Foreign Office from
i may b dumb n ugly but at least i can forget that im on my period bc i aint got no pain
Blondie by via #acrylic #painting #art
Let's debunk the misconception that #Jesus was a #socialist #PragerFORCE #christianity
Not real difficult to find
14 terrifying horror movies about cults
Don't you ever try to disrespect Imran Khan like that again.
when you try to wash a spoon and it washes you back
They were also spotted at a Rilakkuma store in Japan before
You called? We have a date tonight at the . Episode 4 is gonna be #Mateo
Only now we will call tyranny - freedom and making Ameri
You aren't black American and you don't know how we see ourselves
i am only one person's smol bean and no one elses /s
love yourself the way you wish they did
The Ghana line up is out. Tunisia comot dema own?
You can find more info about it on that same website or check
i really love it but yea the text in the header............. HDSJDHJ
yall ive wanted one for so long pls rt + like
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, cant put the blame on you.
Ready for the new season ..
NEW SONG TONIGHT IF MEXICO WINS OR 25+ RTs TALK TO ME LEMME KNOW SUMN (prod.
Is it too late to Act Up ? Asking for self...
Why there are so many human skeletons located deep in the earth
Michelle Obama jokes she's 'surprised' daughters have friends after White House childhood
Self portrait #blender #3d #3dmodeling #3dart #3dmodel #b3d #selfportrait
Love it, shut the donald up!
Nobody: Earth catching California niggas lackin:
i didnt believe my parents when they said my dog hates the hi hat
#lovewins in Hope world #junghoseok #jhope #btsfanart #bts
My friend: I just find it funny how-
neither was i yet you still replied to me.
But they arent unstoppable like the last couple of years
U asked what video now u mad bcuz ppl answered 1 lmao weirdo
Pretty sure he has said this before just as he was being ousted from F1. Shouldn't really
People be wanting to change everything but themselves.
The book of the day on is King of Scars.
lmao, i sent a TWICE pic to my friend and she thought chae was ariel
Kumagawa: So sad that Steve Jobs died of Ligma. Chairman: Whos Steve Jobs? Kumagawa:
a weed devia ser legal
Can we build AI without losing control over it? | Sam Harris
Why in the fuck is #JarJarBinks trending?
Unknown Number calls It is a weekday morning They must want my money :(
its not easy but its worth it
My deepest sympathy on the pending suicide of my dear friend Ellen Barkin. -- HRC
Too soon, bro. Too soon!!!
1. TPL dont account for ANYTHING in TLL or TLOG 2. Bondo has more TLL
after a breakup niggas go fw the hoe they talked the most shit about
Let him prove it!! What are you his pit bull? You need to chill Asshole.
The briefing when Feinstein came out looking pale?!?
Mechanic Dean is perfection.
I never caught alone, never caught alone, never gave
i feel empty sometimes like the world could all just cave in on me and fall inside.
Just Bought Riverdale Jacket for my sister,she is really really happy #Riverdale
Fuck yall, Friends is funny.
when i say grandmas are so precious, this is why.
#FortemIEOcoinsbit Good project
I told u over and over. Non guaranteed packs.
Who says you gotta be a girl to feel this??
Fire Emblem: Three Houses - Available 7/26 - Nintendo Switch via
JIMIN'S FLIP OVER HOSEOK MID AIR WE--
The revolutionary war - airplane one? Really?
his music taste wow we really are the same person
S/o Everyone who listened. Thank u.
thanks to hot dreams i see no reason to ever be awake
RT & GO WATCH EARTHQUAKE PRANK ON GIRLFRIEND!
Sorry for typo - mentioned abt !!! what was I thinking ?
RT if you can beat me in basketball. Tryna see how many stupid people follow me
the actors in riverdale are not untalented. but the writers. the writers, man.
I think my tongue is broke..
Follow and I follow BACK Lets all prosper together
i found them on my timeline i dont know sorry :(
Think in so hard about titties that my own are startin to itch
I take breaks from twitter and come back more depressed idk
very nice song madam i love u so much my dear madam ur voice is my heart dear madam
could you do the same,dont you think?
Im pretty sure, as per primary school fame, Wimbledon use to be on way later.
Ever just cry bcuz u know ur bf has to leave town for work again
RETWEET for a cheeky FREE NUDE Message me to claim yours
finished Stranger Things 3 mood board
omg no problem i felt bad holding it! i love youuuu
Gustave Dor's haunting illustrations for Edgar Allan Poe's The Raven, 1883
Bro nightmares are scary I aint been this shook since I was a kid
Believe in your dreams. Accomplish your goals. Life is a beautiful adventure
I thought you were talking about sucking dick with the numbing spray. I-
Now I gotta delete it
Green hero in woods; November baker trembles; Sad fox crawls to woods.
The New York Times Attacks Patriotism; Plus, Bill Details His Trip To Europe via
me zendaya nothing i just want to hold her hand
BABY BUNSEN IS THE CUTEST THING EVER!
All it took was one question... #9MillionaireHotSeat
In relationship with Loneliness.
dipped my hands into serendipity mv
the therapist doesn't understand good humor.
#Deadpool Invades #AvengersEndgame - Trailer 2 via
hmmm,,,the options are vast...
#DropThatChamber should be here
shes hella STUNNING but im anxious to see her acting ngl
Someone had to do it!
Blocked! I have 8 siblings
IS THIS THE 5:00 FREE CRACK GIVEAWAY
Subnautica fan art, love all the creatures in this game! #subnautica
who the FUCK DO I HAVE TO FIGHT
Yow!!! our girl can kick. EPIC!
July 08, 2019 at 04:27PM
Nike rakes in $3 billion after Colin Kaepernick calls foul on shoe
Incase u missed Tachas boob, her is a sneak pick #BBNaija #bigbrothernaija2019
kristen and naomi knowing they were so many girls' gay awakening
Bomb squad robot on scene near Walmart home office
idk man i heard rocks last for a long time
pls dont I dont need this rn
[VIDEO]: The Funniest Thing You'll See Today
Intended future with my husband in Paris
But who is f***ing who ?
The first ep and those two boys passing by were talking about IT AND YEAH IM BAWLING RN
Tom can like.. get it
Sure love the way our AG works for the people
stop looking for reasons to be unhappy, look for more reasons to be happy.
So, what you're saying is...you're good with killing babies. Got it.
Todays venue #avfc #utv
Bwhahahahaha! I didn't miss out on the 70s. I had chicken pox, m
Take a tranquilizer QUICK
You CANNOT make this shit up !
Whos excited to watch tomorrow when will be on #gdny ? #wetheboyz
I know this us referencing someone But I have no idea who
Anyone else get jealous a lot because they feel easily replaceable
When you ghost a dude but he asks why
When I grow up I want to be like
Amazing Benefits of Drinking Lemon Water...
so you lot willingly pay to go listen to someone who uses autotune I-
I will go out of my way to make it as uncomfortable as possible
Something old, something borrowed, and something blue
Building Better #DeepLearning Requires New Approaches Not Just Bigger Data #BigData
Because we have too much time to think about it.
Im me...but Im also a little bit buzz lightyear too
Fine...Ill throttle the machine.
I am the most sensitive person I know
You will. Trust in that. I have found my way out of many times I never thought I would.
I love you both *insert purple heart* #FrankianaOnBring8On
This girl stole merchandise from my boutique too LMAO
my hair matches the smoke blowing medusa in the background
Billboard Hot 100: #92(-72) MEGATRON, [2 weeks]. *peak: #20*
....okay, - continue what you were saying
Trump prevented people from coming together by making the event all about him. He
we watched this in our high school English class and I loveeeeee it
Desktop Support Engineer Jobs Openings In Mumbai City > Aletheia Technologies pvtltd
Spanish war veteran Bob Doyle honoured with Dublin plaque
Makeup tutorials in California.. Wait for it
I had so many breadsticks yall
your last saved pic gif or meme is what made taehyung cry like this
Looks like an episode of Castlevania
Welcome To Markets By Central Committee: Wedges, Flags, &Gaps
Walahi if you misbehave this evening eh, e go over you. Troooost me.
*tips hat* "m'leggie"
i used to beliebe. not sure i do anymore
A dream world where Im not broke
Thank You SM STATION AROUND - 170512 Cure - 170805 Long Flight - 190718
Special bday edition of the handsome face!! 2 more days until your special day!
this little beauty is all mine :) im cry
hahaha U R A FOOL! President Trump IS THE ONE TAKING EPSTEIN DOWN...From day 1 in off
Process already complete tbh
ur favorite golden couple [ #exolselcaday ]
That nigga cheating the most
This sounds like what our govt is currently working on accomplishing.
Yea I think you can definitely find something better for a better price!
Scream: The TV Series is back tomorrow! #scream #tvtime
#ThreadOfTheWeek nominee
are those real lashes?
i really want to buy a horse now, NGL lol
Mad thin my guy... him lemme check out
The most usefull feature
I cant believe what I just watched
I know lots about mma. I am a fan of both fighters and the meme/gif fit
I'm going to say " HE IS IN AWW .. HANGING OFF MY EVERY WORD"
WOW -- WHAT CHARLIE LEFT OUT! WHY??!!
Matching the energy Ive been given
wen yo plans dont work out stay at home. god tryna protect you.
Nordstrom seeks 1,200 workers for planned New York City flagship
Fighting Army #MGMAVOTE #BTS
Glad you enjoyed butty
To bad Im a console bot
8A32E990 :Battle ID I need backup! Lvl 100 Celeste Omega
Burn that bitch. Eat the burnt part off. Burn the rest to a crisp and eat. No drama.
Nigga from Newark, of course he know how to shoot!!
Like Momma always said, if you need more calcium in your diet, eat a milkman.
With knee problems and shot 65% from the free throw line btw
please kiss me until all i see and think about is you
Some people dream of great accomplishments, while others stay awake and
An apology without change is just manipulation. Read that one twice.
NASA Awards Launch Services Contract for Groundbreaking Astrophysics Mission via NASA
If you arent sending Im not interested
Nothing annoys me more
Dear Disney, I need whatever is happening here to be a movie. K? Thanks!
Heres what D.C. looked like this morning after an intense downpour
2020 champs! Let that sizzle in ya spirit
White lizards are often impassioned.
Apart from Ghana, the rest is due to your wrong choices in life
Mexico Confirms: Illegals Trying To Buy Children To Cross Border
Damn Im not even that old man but I still know what that is
Thats why you have the second part of t
sorry for kissing him
anime characters when theyre picked on because of their height
Good night Dani Lovers.... Stay Wakefield
Anal ecstasy new scene for watch here
You can learn more about PFIR & their fronts to push anti-immigrant propaganda here.
I spent so much fucking money last week
Who told you that, the rat in your pocket?
Another 3cm please hcnsbbchs
7/7/19 Good to Me (Woozi Focus) #WOOZI #SEVENTEEN # # #KCON19NY
Trend Alert... #Foodwaste fighting flour! #CircularEconomy #RealBread
i woke up extra fucking stupid this morning
Can we talk about the homie shooting a bass gun in the back
Realllly cba driving nowadays
Everton just make Barca their academy.
I don't think goats are that foolish
sex is so overrated tell me im not a burden and that my presence is wanted
I didnt get any photos yesterday but at least I got a video b4 I got too lit #HennyNWingz
Check out "Hattitude: Mother's Day Brunch"
Just saw the MULAN teaser, and oh God, my crush on her is going to return tenfold. Whew.
Small break from MGMA to vote for #KCAMexico #BTS #ARMY Website:
WE HAVE TO MEEEEEETTTTT
Might be back on my bullshit... Ill be back to let yall know ahaha
DAS MY MF TEAMMATE!! GIRL YOU SLAYED TF OUTTA THIS FLOW
Eloy Jimenez loves showing off that EASY power to dead center. Thanks,
spiderman!! xx ur so sweet
watch live on instagram. livin out best lives
Thats awesome you should post a photo of that!
Now playing On DJ #LLa - Trance Galaxy Ep004.mp3 by #LLa!
Wow, what a great t-shirt Todays #MerchMonday post is for all-round good boys,
That's wonderful news
Lemme buss that DOWN.
men with your priorities straight wyd rn
Sad that no matter what you wear you still look big shapeless. I have the same problem.
yes we do suck cock amongst other things!!!
Unbelievable fascism. Shame.
Give tommy and molly mae the 50K already #LoveIsland
Hope so much that this documentary will be release in France
That didn't take long. I can hear it now in the tone of the usual sunshine patriots.
people bullying the new Ghost-type gym leader on my timeline are not valid
not wrong they are pretty nice
Report: Man City have issues in their bid to sign 40m Spurs target #THFC #COYS
Blue girl drawing on north 3rd Street #philadelphia #streetart
No one: ...... Me on the snap: Im out here w/ ______ ya feel me
Am I mentally prepared to face this week?
Someone come claim their mcm
did i just saved this pic or did this pic saved me?
and what a joke in thinking this something we the people want to see.
Soul Coughing - Casiotone Nation
To be in peace with yourself it's easy to let go of what doesn't matter in your life.
Hey Siri, play #BounceBack by on iTunes.
Watching this for motivation all 2019
Me: spends the entire week with my boyfriend Also me as soon as he leaves:
All tweet na content las las, local man please look away
This account is for girls with low self love. I am girls.
eliminate all negativity, stay positive n stay blessed
robin will being the best gay characters
Listening to "Me & My Broken Heart"
carole & tuesday! netflix! next month!
An amazing sequence between Andrade and Seth. #RAW
Green Bay has more traffic circles than anywhere Ive ever been.
Me when I first tasted pussy
I LIVE IN THE CITY FUCK OFFFF
IT GETS BETTER AND BETTER WTF WHY DO WE HAVE TO WAIT for tWO MONTHS #ArthdalChronicles
update somebody caught my love
The snake said who gone let go first
I agree and they act like shes all of a sudden trustworthy and they ar
Kevin Selby by David Vance
Tomorrow is another day
You're delusional. Lemme guess. The sky is also red
They made our four team series of most improved teams as well, check out this piece by
Any Practitioner of Dim_mak Will Tell You. He Should Be Dead.
Looking for a handsome and honest bf.
whats beef with Victorino? Expand please
#India is now producing the worlds cheapest solar power #energy
Regardless of gender, baby will be baby buchon
Excellent Surprisingly its not happening in thi
if u can't love and respect all members then don't stan at all. get out.
Motivation! #MondayMotivation #optimistic #music #Encouragement
New Report: Mueller Lacks Substantiating Evidence Of Russian Election Interference
Bloody hell, it's the Rodriguez Brothers...
190708 instagram update my little heart cant handle her cuteness.
Dont fuck with me Im like Rambo in First blood
I think my 8 year old is going through puberty already
Couple neeks couldnt handle the pressure , Free up
someone yelled la migra & this mf bolted
Lord, Ive seen what youve done for others........
Lawsuit Seeks Hunter Biden State DepartmentRecords Amid Allegations Of Nepotism
The original brand influencer I know since I joined Twitter cc
GD X JENNIE behind the scenes #MGMAVOTE #JENNIE
The latest Madre Onfire!
Bummie's keyland dancers visited him
Thats why its all worth while
Chicago (IL) WLS: Chicago AccuWeather: Mostly sunny Monday
I don't think so. But 11 of us are in a twitter DM and couldn't add you
And I picture KK Menon
Some people are cruel though
So brave of you to spell out the conditions which you will honor democracy.
Resisters let's give this resister a follow
Yup!! Typical hypocrite.. She should NEVER be allowed to represent this country again..
im about to bang my head against a wall
Nervous times for Jeffrey Epsteins friends, enablers
Beauty starts in your head, not in your mirror. - Joubert Botha #quote
If Pokmon were real I bet their farts would be abysmal to smell
lmaoaoa bey yall is put parsley on anything. even coleslaw dawg.
Thanks to !!! Hope we get to watch you kick ass for the next 20+ years.
A lot of Gay Men be fucking Tweaking period
cop: could you pick him out of a lineup me: [mugged by waldo] maybe... given enough time
These 10+ Funny Relationship Texts Are Way Too Accurate
Ok cool. Its summer league
Nope. I welcome help wherever I can g
GOT7s Jinyoung Stole A Flying Kiss From Mark Just So He Could Give It To Fans
Shet all day sleeping lang
Talking of taste, remind her to tidy up her lady garden for me. Cheers.
They will miss us, and we will know them because if their deeds..
My Vladito pick looking alright at the moment! #HomeRunDerby
Being the leader of the pack can be entertaining, but tread ca... More for Scorpio
Absolutely gorgeous more at #EmmaWatson
A5_2019/07/08 19:10_0.0_forecast_3.45_245.0_moderate rain
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAALLLL! #winning
[thread] hanbin instagram stories shxxbi131
shawn mendes and camila cabello fighting over who got to be the "seorita"
Supporter not customer. #katanya
Well, he's not wrong, so there's that...
Cute and beautiful birds
ETTelecom | Huawei outlines investment plans in Poland depending on 5G role
THIS IS WHY JAPAN IS TAEKOOKLAND
in general it is welcom and due , when we expose the sins, evils and deceases, but nev
I miss talking hiphop. I miss my old account
Im gonna try this shit, les digo si me funciona
why do i hate myself so much
those are life savers for track runners
loona is probably disbanding next year... well its over
Local Info. Moon Day. Risings. Sunny.
USA fans really trynna say they outplayed Mexicocheck the stats bro #GoldCupFinal
Do you ever just think about Joons habit of getting shy after acting like a whole cutie
HIS HAIR IS BROWN WHAT
How Walgreens/CVS Workers be when they see eachother
Buffalo Pound Park facing south towards Moose Jaw. #skstorm
Someone should shoot this referee #afcon #GHATUN
Did really make a TV ad that doesnt include the correct account? Oh dear someones
Oh shit ima be a senior
when ur going thru an episode and cant cope anymore
Courage the Cowardly Dog voice: "The Things I do for Clout"
The last front-engined C7 Corvette sold for $2,700,000:
Hazards 110 Chelsea goals in 140 secs
i live like 15 mins from starcourt mall
So glad I have such a close group of friends who give me advice and help in shit times
Resign into irrelevancy or better yet deport yourself to Palestine.
This was be such a Minnesota move
i love mariah carey so much it doesnt make sense
GEMES BANGETTTT AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
All the things I know i still been solid tho
When a world leader recognizes a CHAMPION! #USWNT
i tried changing my password to my height but it said too short
Just tryna eat , smoke and watch Stranger Things
jfc is this ever really happens im sure itll be the END for me
Turned over a new leaf. Judge your mom lol
You can watch videos on V LIVE.
I actually feel like death. Thank god this is going to be worth it.
bro why is no one talking about this LMFAOOOOOOOOO
Why did Jeffrey Epstein have a fully-equipped dental chair in his bathroom?
Bootyface . Im Whole Beardgang Outchea. Looking All Dilfsh . To Boring Ass Arkansas
A good one to watch to bring yourself up to speed
Boeing 737 Max's autopilot has yet another problem
Is it stolen from Daniel Marven wa SA?
In a mad world, only the mad are sane. Akiro Kurosawa #ADNSolidAndStrong
jungkooks hair send tweet.
Its so funny seeing people idolize the White House ... like its not all that
Ill see you sometime during the modern warfare season.
That was just their fans.
i want to drink some more actually
Ashley bodied that Megatron challenge
my bitch dont like me geekin, i dont like when she dress like a skeezer
I got mine half an hour ago!
*wispers* Asian Snow White. Native Rapunzel.
So it turns out your father didnt only rape your mother he also raped underage girls
Gray leggings underrated. Imma keep saying it.
SHKD-854 Hoshina Ai # #JAV #WarpsiwaX Full Movie
Attacks for Art Fight
seeing this I can have a good sleep now
Camila Nasser | thank u, next via
While we are voting we can stream as well #MGMAVOTE #BTS
Yeah right. Between everything going on right now we have NO money
'The Man Who Laughs' (1928, Paul Leni) / Joker (2019, Todd Philips)
DEAR POST OFFICE TEAM SPEED POST No. EV777032613IN when will be delivery in HNBGU.
me ordering a coffee in pret a manger
wrong one came in but I ain't complaining........
Thank you sirasa tv Thank you lahiru Thank you chanu akka
Appointment in the morning. Goodnight
I saw butter the over night on IFC.
Lot of respect and admiration here
AMD Ryzen 3000 & X570 launch with ASUS
Cue Emmy Eats jokes in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1......
Now playing: I POOH - BUONANOTTE PENNY
Respect bro keep it up!
You know what happens when you put makeup on a pig? Nothing, its still a pig.
I see it, I like it, I see the price tag .......e go be
Just because i carry it all so well doesn't mean it's not heavy.
Its coming...and it's not gunna be fun. Summer about to really flex shortly. Oh well.
Your fav e-girl gettin piped in an airbnb rn
The new #gigantamax looking pretty cool, and he even made a friend!
i got a heart of gold im jst mean as shit
A power path has appeared
How Ninja played h1z1
Cameron Boyce, a living angel that left earth to return back to heaven.
Growing up meant learning that friends fuck their friends more often than youd think.
Forever in my heart angel
Bacon breakfast burrito from farmer boys goes hard. Sooo good!
Peach Crochet Baby Hat via
Carnivores eat fish and other seafood. Still not sure what your "context
5TH MUSTER [#MAGICSHOP] Photo Sketch #BTS # #JIN
THROW THE WHOLE SEASON AWAY
The Matic Token Climbs After the Successful IEO | CashGeek - Smart Investing
i wanted to sleep but now i cant
Im marrying an asshole to you
Playing zombies on Call of Duty be like
Yall really forgot about him until today dont lie
[ why am I super lazy today? ]
always talking with my self
Been meaning to cancel my parents for quite some time now
I would exchange that two hour workout for two hours poolside , just sayin
Lmk if you find anything juicy because Im just ...
Dont slow down girl she fie
Epstein BANNED From Mar-a-Lago Years Ago by President Trump, Media SILENT...
dalgom hes so cute #MGMAVOTE #BLACKPINK
thats how i look loke rn plssss
Tap into the exotic natural rhythm of my bare chunky ass
An innocent 17 year old murdered for no reason #JusticeForElijah
[BREAKING] Sex toy shop assault: Police arraign Abbo before Zuba magistrates court
AH good point!!! Thank you!!
its really got me thinking
And eventually I kept my mouth shut, always
Congratulations Thank you for being my friend
does it say how many hours i have on botw already
Someone tweeted this and it got deleted but I feel like the world needs to see it
Told you I can sing better than Adnan Sami...
katy perry and her philanthropy work: a thread
I have so much love for my friends
Scape from hackerland
This pic reminds me of Brandy
Them niggas said fight club, i got 50 on the nigga w the red shirt
The heat fucked my mirror up while I was gone
Hold me down like a real shotta like bonnie did Clyde
I just earned the 'Land of the Free (Level 68)' badge on
So, why 26 trips & for what? Are you & Epstein like BFFs? Why did you elude your secret
Catch Joshua and Julia later at Go Babas! #JoshLiaMTWITOGETHER
Kanye west is the biggest piece of shit on earth. Quote me.
when your man likes other bitches posts so you just sit there like ...
Ok will get back to you ASAP !
Kaffi will nominate jeff nd Kim
Link: #MGMAVOTE #SEVENTEEN
7 Incredible Tips That Will Prompt People to Download Your App
I loved that song! Iggy is actually making bops all on her own. We gotta praise that!
NOOOO ARIES IS LIKE WORST SIGN
Wow! 7.5 hours is amazing!
Trying to prove a point. Retweet if you think asexuality is a legitimate sexuality.
shut up kiss me hold me tight
stay kind and humble. It makes you beautiful.
It is open and it's fucking perfect right now, y'all
Would say thats bullshit to be honest mate. What were they expecting? Name the player
im gonna smash my head on the wall i cant decide what to eat
| Shawn ontem com Camila em Los Angeles! Photo by FIA PICTURE AGENCY
Are you coming to this later in the month?
We will ABORT your parents drunken mistake so you clearly did, moron.
I love how these jeans fit
you mfers should sleeeeep
Regina SK Weather, Temp:18.1C; Dew:9.4C; Pressure:1004.80hPa.; Wind:2/kph Humdity:57
An #Aquarius has little respect for fixed rules.
Re: Jeffrey Epstein deposition in 2010 when asked about his friendship with Donald Trump.
I'm honestly so fucking tired i feel like i'm never gonna be happy
Lady Sees Crying Man Forced To Throw Package In Trash What She Digs Ou... via
I think p&l need to switch with k&j for some reason lmao
5 more hours left till I get home. I am getting bored.
Just found this on my phone what a weekend man. #newcastle2018 #hoobmalassie
Lol I would be doing more than just licking
Suck my dick!!!!!!!!!!!
Good morning! Happy Monday . #qotdums #qotd #jackma #ums #umsbaini
I don't understand, wine is good for the body, so why not?
To the person who sees my worth more than I do, thank you.
Sometimes I feel like such a waste of time and space
Oh jit, I haven't do my hws + coursework things + I lost my file tht has hws inside
BORN TO QUEUE / SERVERS ARE FULL / Queue Em Up 989 / I am trash mage / 9100,00 DPS
And the trainees! #zwinkersmiley
This Ghana dier party songs we dey like rydee
I have no advice to offer besides buy the shittiest house in the nicest neighborhood
Dont judge those who black out differently than you!!!
cot! followan? rt -jimin
Ahahahaha idk what it is but I will always see the hot Shrek in this guy
well, thank you. Though I can't really dm you, thank you for being friendly
Why dede still dey the game inside?
Check out this new painting that I uploaded to !
I know these niggas be RTing for Good luck.
Waaait! Downloooad kooo
Raptors 3peat confirmed
What the hell is wrong with the goyim?
daming magaganda sa twitter ampO,,,, continue slaying girls werkkkkk
BLINKS please we need RTs and tweets with hashtags: #MGMAVOTE #JENNIE
My tongue will Immediately find her asshole.
You put the "Boooo!" in "Bukkake."
Jungkook, what u- #JUNGKOOK #BTS #MGMAVOTE
Trash!!! Im a business owner I dont have time for your shit
someone please save byungchan
My nickname growing up was asshole, cuz I was always getting teased!
I learned to boil eggs the hard way.
They were hoping the USA would lose, mad that she won... Who is Un-American now?
My hair all over , ty tld me dnt tlk to him until icomb my hair
so should I finish the fancy seorita?
AP: Federal grand jury probing GOP fundraiser Elliott Broidy
LMAO... Jay-Jay okocha is a racist The legal type
Movies are always funnier in the cinema.
Presumably the fantasy channel!
Check out this mini guide which covers what you need to know about CVAA guidelines:
Ight we need to get our shit together
The tears when I cried out as a new born were tears of despair!
Then, do it. We know you have unrealesed music
once you show someone how hard you fw em .. they start acting funny as hell
yeah pretty crazy lately
Im tryna catch a fade
My 21st bday is in 5 DAYS!!!
Pray it goes well. Quality of life will increase immensely.
has dedicated 'Call It Love' to
russian folk music: oh this is LIT
my chest is so bad i cant stop coughing
Floop is a madman help us save us
Michael jackson de wish
Are we ever going to get a backup for PJ? Is he guna play 48 mins a game?
people on tik tok are so mean because i like... am just having fun and theyre being mean
Hey got any recommendations for an anime to watch?
Wishing the wonderful the happiest of birthdays #PeaceAndLove to you always
So egg you people dey pamper am so?
?? descanso pro bts out ne
Tennessee Tuxedo and his tales.
So very Proud of each of you!
the disbelief on yoongis face absolutely kills me #MGMAVOTE #BTS
Im honestly awed by this remarkable project. Check it out!
Ran out of lactose free milk
Thank youuuu so much! ;A; ~
They are both starting
[NSFW] Bottom or top, just do it safe. So no handholding!
get in losers were gonna help lelouch
Heavy filtering of foreign ideas and practices might be preferred to simple openness
wing-type universal joint skype: mary.ni5 whatsapp: +8615068870586
Fans #ALDUBxADNDiMatitinag
I need a massage man my body is sore from project Z
its too early to b this mad.
Thank you 5 TLs #ADNUnbroken
Agreed. I think if Rep Evans would stop deflecting to worker needs and the i
I gave you racks I tried to buy in
Did you try voting from a different device
Fck Ive been lied my whole fckin life till now
I'm super impressed by this. Maintaining your faith while not putting it abo
Child bride warns women about life under Islam: no equality, no rights, no mercy
Please take a moment out of your day to watch this, its so dope
I put my money where my mouth is. I give over 10% of my inc
Ang productive ng araw na ito. Thank you Lord :))
yall say women arent funny but have you met rosana pansino... thought so
every time i come to mexico i just wanna take all the little girls home with me
me waiting for my dad to finish the call so i could ask him for a club penguin membership
#sundayfunday 42st Times Square
happy birthday armys #ArmyMeansFamily #ARMYDAY
I WANNA GO SLEEP AT HOME BUT INSTEAD IM AT A DUMB ASS MCDONALDS GETTING WIFI
RT: 44CON: Join our mailing list and never miss out on whats happening with #44CON
I guess hes still crying that Joe wouldnt pass the torch! Ha!
You think this is the banter era?
