a mimograph at a time, numan bitter, with his ancomartins to read the road roman with false steps ad Pernicious
Swimming in my hindmoist.
selfprolonging tension of the thing proposed to be done and the selfabbreviating relaxation of the thing done: the fallaciously inferred
cod Im always getting enough for 3 forgetting anyway Im sick of that everlasting butchers meat from Buckleys loin chops
So I saw there was going to be a bit of a dust.
My tippers of flags are knobs of hardshape for it isagrim tale, keeping the father of curls from the sport
The eversower of the seeds of light to the cowld owld sowls that are in the domnatory of Defmut after
By the wag, how is Mr Fry?
his comprehendurient, with diminishing claractinism, augumentationed himself in caloripeia to vision so throughsighty, you anxioust melancholic, High Thats Hight Uberking
Giant crash in Aden.
It was all no use soothering him with no, nono, baby, no and telling him about the geegee and where
In all his specious heavings, as be lived by Optimus Maximus, the Mookse had never seen his Dubville brooder-on-low so
Ena milo melomon, frai is frau and swee is too, swee is two when swoo is free, ana mala woe
his gabbercoat and wig, honest draughty fellow, in his public interest, to make us see how though, as he says:
Sir Walter Ralegh brought from the new world that potato and that weed, the one a killer of pestilence by
As sunctioned for his salmenbog by the Councillors-om-Trent.
Is there no-one to malahide Liv and her bettyship?
and an acre of foliage.
A chain of children ’s hands imprisons him.)_
Amor matris_, subjective and objective genitive, may be the only true thing in life.
Scorching my hand and starving my famine to make his private linen public.
 You’re a nice third degree witness, faith!
it was a case of tarbarrels and not singly but in their thousands and then complete oblivion because it was
A wise tabby, a blinking sphinx, watched from her warm sill.
Something occult: symbolism.
and laughing and the old tinbox clattering along the street.
Looks as if they did it for a bet.
It is that same bull that was sent to our island by farmer Nicholas, the bravest cattlebreeder of them all,
If I get Billy Prescott’s ad: two fifteen.
and during mighty odd years this man of hod, cement and edifices in Toper’s Thorp piled buildung supra buildung pon
couldnt read a line Lord how long ago it seems centuries of course they never came back and she didnt
foi; under the four stones by his streams who vanished the wassailbowl at the joy of shells; Mora and Lora
in lacustrine % marshes, pestilential fens, faded flowerwater, stagnant pools in the waning moon.
What’s yours is mine and what’s mine is my own.
And what is death, he asked, your mother’s or yours or my own?
Meould attashees the currgans, (if they could get a kick at this time for all that’s hapenced to us!)
about himself for as to who he in reality was let x equal my right name and address, as Mr
Hump’s your mark!
I suggest Finoglam as his habitat.
Keep in condition.
of sand, crouched in flight.
S. Edward and S. Owen Caniculus and S. Anonymous and S. Eponymous and S. Pseudonymous and S. Homonymous and S.
When Conmee had passed she glanced at her lovely echo in that little mirror she carries.
Have you a little present for me there?
comings, for sly goings, for larksmathes, for homdsmeethes, for quailsmeathes, kilalooly.
Insure against street accident too.
till Prospero breaks his staff, buries it certain fathoms in the earth and drowns his book.
Just missed that by a hair.
Vanilla calms or?
THE GAFFER: _(Crouches, his voice twisted in his snout.)_
people passing they all look at her like me when I was her age of course any old rag looks
Highclass licensed premises.
The vicinity of the young man he certainly relished, educated, _distingué_ and impulsive into the bargain, far and away the
was dancing and sitting out with her the night of Georgina Simpsons housewarming and then he wanted to ram it
would be as 17 1/2 to 13 1/2, the proportion increasing and the disparity diminishing according as arbitrary future years
With what meditations did Bloom accompany his demonstration to his companion of various constellations?
bab’s baby walks at seven months, waywayway!
And Bob Doran starts doing the weeps about Paddy Dignam, true as you’re there.
Side by side Bloom, profiting by the _contretemps_, with Stephen passed through the gap of the chains, divided by the
had borne with as being the fruits of that age upon which it is commonly charged that it knows not
boldfaced Stratford wench who tumbles in a cornfield a lover younger than herself.
tum out badly, develop hereditary pulmonary T.B., and do for himself one dandy time, nay, of a pelting night blanketed
Call it, let me see.
a tiny lost cry.
He knows them all, faith.
With his mailed gauntlet he brushed away a furtive tear and was overheard, by those privileged burghers who happened to
He clacks his tongue loudly.)_ _
and nab what’s nicest and boskiest of timber trees in the nebohood.
Mary.)
tel a Tartaran tastarin toothsome tarrascone tourtoun, vestimentivorous chlamydophagian, imbretellated himself for any time un tellable with what hung over
Here, what are you all gaping at?
falsetissues, antilibellous and nonactionable and this applies to its whole wholume) of poor Osti-Fosti, described as quite a musical genius
FIRST WATCH: It was only in case of corporal injuries I’d have to report it at the station.
At night your wellcreamed braceletted hands will wear fortythreebutton gloves newpowdered with talc and having delicately scented fingertips.
I’m tired of all them rocks in the sea, he said, and boats and ships.
An illuminated scroll of ancient Irish vellum, the work of Irish artists, was presented to the distinguished phenomenologist on behalf
Smell of burn.
rubber preservatives in sealed envelopes tied with gold thread, butter scotch, pineapple rock,_ billets doux _in the form of cocked
I shall have a word to say in a few yards about the acoustic and orchidectural management of the tonehall
Go and lose more.
Divulge, sjuddenly jouted out hardworking Jaun, kicking the console to his double and braying aloud like Brahaam’s ass, and, as
And Xenophon looked upon Marathon, Mr Dedalus said, looking again on the fireplace and to the window, and Marathon looked
BEN DOLLARD: _(Smites his thigh in abundant laughter.)_
ZOE: _(Peering at Bloom’s palm.)_
dictited to of all his little brothron and sweestureens the first riddle of the universe: asking, when is a man
the ultimate hours of the previous day had augmented by diuretic consumption an insistent vesical pressure.
We are their harps.
Be ones as wes for gives for gives now the hour of passings sembles quick with quelled.
That was the talk of the town that year (Albert William Quill wrote a fine piece of original verse of
We should not now combine a Norse saga with an excerpt from a novel by George Meredith. _
Before born bliss babe had.
The crack (that’s Cork!)
I. What secondtonone myther rector and maximost bridgesmaker was the first to rise taller through his beanstale than the bluegum
The same young eyes.
Dull business by day, land agents, temperance hotel, Falconer’s railway guide, civil service college, Gill’s, catholic club, the industrious blind.
And what’s more rightdown lowbrown schisthematic robblemint!
Who had the?
Lucky it didn’t.
was her massgoing Id love a big juicy pear now to melt in your mouth like when I used to
But was iz?
We will take our walk before in the timpul they ring the earthly bells.
me back over and over some old ones odd stockings that blackguardlooking fellow with the fine eyes peeling a switch
name Id go and drown myself in the first river if I had a name like her O my and
I have been told I own stolemines or something of that sorth in the sooth of Spainien.
tell me all about
At four she.
Christbaum and Christbaum begat ben Maimun and ben Maimun begat Dusty Rhodes and Dusty Rhodes begat Benamor and Benamor begat
the farther corner of Temple street: then, at reduced pace with interruptions of halt, bearing right, Temple street, north, as
Has handsome Sir Pournter always been so long married?
Do you remember a long long time, years and years ago, just after Milly, Marionette we called her, was weaned
and spare me days for Brian the Bravo; penteplenty of pity with lubilashings of lust for Olona Lena Magdalena; for
our nevertoolatetolove box, mansuetudinous manipulator, victimisedly victorihoarse, dearest Haun of all, you of the boots, true as adie, stepwalker, pennyatimer,
Shem, you are.
was not accessory before the act and prosecutrix has not been tampered with.
waving their handkerchiefs in their excitement while the even more excitable foreign delegates cheered vociferously in a medley of cries,
 Never you mind about my mother or her hopitout.
She swallowed a draught of tea from her cup held by nothandle and, having wiped her fingertips smartly on the
But this is no laughing matter.
 Heave, coves, emptybloddy!
Now, don’t tell a big fib!
throw stones at you if you went anear he was looking at me I had that white blouse on open
good varians muck for Kate the Cleaner; a hole in the ballad for Hosty; two dozen of cradles for J.F.X.P.
Stephen (once) by the reverend Charles Malone C. C., alone, in the church of the Three Patrons, Rathgar.
Come, hours, be ours!
to the quadrupedal proscenium of connubial communion.
in Blue_, to a publication of certified circulation and solvency or employed verbally as intellectual stimulation for sympathetic auditors, tacitly
with his muddy boots on when the maggot takes him just imagine having to get into bed with a thing
Blazes Boylan’s smart tan shoes creaked on the barfloor, said before.
He eats a raw turnip offered him by Maurice Butterly, farmer.)_
Glorious tone he has still.
him I suppose he thinks Im finished out and laid on the shelf well Im not no nor anything like
Arse over tip.
She has a good job if she minds it till Johnny comes marching home again.
J. Flavin, C. C.; the rev.
curtsey (how faint these first vhespers womanly are, a secret pispigliando, amad the lavurdy den of their manfolker!)
Fog was whaas?
gurgling face that blessed him, equine in its length, and at the light untonsured hair, grained and hued like pale
into the back pocket of his trousers to obtain his latchkey.
Shy, supping with the godless, he sneaks the cup.
And the lamp went out as it couldn’t glow on burning, yep, the lmp wnt out for it couldn’t stay
It’s quite simple.
I read in that _Voyages in China_ that the Chinese say a white man smells like a corpse.
And the fiercest freaky ever followed a pining child round the sluppery table with a forkful of fat.
Father Conmee was very glad to see the wife of Mr David Sheehy M.P. Iooking so well and he begged
I am connected with the British and Irish press.
writing the mystery of himsel in furniture.
Let us leave theories there and return to here’s here.
Richie led on.
The last word in stolentelling!
nana karlikeevna, sommerlad and cinderenda, Valtivar and Viv, how Big Bil Brine Borumoter first took his gage at lil lolly
Heirs at you, Brewinbaroon!
Their deadly coil they grasp: yea, and therein they lead to Erebus whatsoever wight hath done a deed of blood
Wall flats: sink and fly.
The gravediggers touched their caps.
If you hold that he, a greying man with two marriageable daughters, with thirtyfive years of life, _nel mezzo del
I wouldn’t miss her for irthing on nerthe.
BLOOM: A penny in the pound.
then poor Merkin Cornyngwham, the official out of the castle on pension, when he was completely drowned off Erin Isles,
I hate him about his patent henesy, plasfh it, yet am I amorist.
By day you will souse and bat our smelling underclothes also when we ladies are unwell, and swab out our
Lighted lamp without globe, scarf, gazette, tumbler, quantity of water, julepot, ticker, side props, eventuals, man’s gummy article, pink.
your style considering she breaksin me shoes for me when I’ve arch trouble and she would kiss my white arms
And welcome, answered the elderly party thus addressed.
THE RETRIEVER: _(Barking furiously.)_
Cigar has a cooling effect.
Ofter the fall.
With the Byrns which is far better and eve for ever your idle be.
 And may Saint Jerome of the Harlots’ Curse make family three of you which is much abedder!
Their life, thought, speech are lent them by males.
A large bucket.
Were you robbing the poorbox, Joe?
Richie rift in the lute alone sat: Goulding, Collis, Ward.
Old legal cronies cracking a magnum.
heels, chased by Ades of Magdalen with the tailor’s shears.
Life, it is true, will be a blank without you because avicuum’s not there at all, to nomore cares from
The night Milly brought it into the parlour.
There’s puff for ye, begor, and planxty of it, all abound me breadth!
in their tail if you ask me those country gougers up in the City Arms intelligence they had a damn
so as it is becoming hairydittary I have of coerce nothing in view to look forward at unless it is
Sinflowed, O sinflowed!
And Monsieur Drumont, gentleman journalist. _
I could have got seven to one against Saint Amant a fortnight before.
BUTT (who in the cushlows of his goodsforseeking hoarth, ever fondlinger of his pimple spurk, is a niallist of the
Dr’s showings, the plea, if he pleads, is all posh and robbage on a melodeontic scale since his man’s when
You were making tea, Stephen said, and went across the landing to get more hot water.
A cavalcade in easy trot along Pembroke quay passed, outriders leaping, leaping in their, in their saddles.
Gelded too: a stump of black guttapercha wagging limp between their haunches.
His fooneral will sneak pleace by creeps o’clock toosday.
But Gerty’s crowning glory was her wealth of wonderful hair.
Our cattle trade.
my king He would not have abandoned me in my old days._
Calomnequiller’s Pravities) from the sourface of this earth, that austral plain he had transmaried himself to, so entirely spoorlessly (the
fore he falls and goes mad entirely when he’s waked; is Timb to the pearly mom and Tomb to the
Did they find their educational careers similar?
And all the pinkprophets cohalething?
Well, it might now, mircle, so it light.
little to our tribal elixir of gopherwood, is in walking costume and tightly staysed by her sit, I should opine.
to the confusioning of human races) ages and ages after the alleged misdemeanour when the tried friend of all creation,
same with autonaut and annexes and got a daarlingt babyboy bucktooth, the thick of a gobstick, coming on ever so
And he said: _Sad thing about our poor friend Paddy!
By leaving in a conspicuous place a certain book open at a certain page: by assuming in her, when alluding
That she esually was, O’Dowd me not!
Synge has left off wearing black to be like nature.
Could he walk in a beeline if he hadn’t that cane?
Then he screwed his features up someway sideways and glared out into the night with an unprepossessing cast of countenance.
Spare me, do, a copper or two and happy I’ll hope you’ll be!
because it was very heavy but what could you get in a place like that the sandfrog shower from Africa
Tankard loved the song that Mina.
What acrostic upon the abbreviation of his first name had he (kinetic poet) sent to Miss Marion (Molly) Tweedy on
alpha in Ursa Maior produced and divided externally at omega and the hypotenuse of the rightangled triangle formed by the
Those lovely curtains.
fairness of promise with consonantia and avowals.
It was there Evora told me I had best.
throw it to her please.
He held me and I was discoloured in four places as a result.
But there’s one thing he’ll never do.
type.
Then he hitches his belt sailor fashion and with a shrug of oriental obeisance salutes the court, pointing one thumb
O, the roughty old rappe!
To Martha I must write.
Three times a day, after meals, Stephen said drily.
wont was, that as it was informed him, who had ever loved the art of physic as might a layman,
I cannot away with them.
LYNCH: He likes dialectic, the universal language.
A hundred and how?
Why should I not speak to him or to any human being who walks upright upon this oblate orange? _(
in _Richard III_ and how Shakespeare, overhearing, without more ado about nothing, took the cow by the horns and, when
For them four old windbags of Gustsofairy to be blowing at.
And all the lazy leaks down over their brash bodies.
THE NYMPH: Mortal!
He’s in with a lowdown crowd, Mr Dedalus snarled.
This would be tantamount to a cooperation (one of nature’s favourite devices) between the _nisus formativus_ of the nemasperm on
The Boers were the beginning of the end.
Pay up and look pleasant, Haines said to him, smiling.
to do it in the train by tipping the guard well O I suppose therell be the usual idiots of
_—That mantles the vista far and wide and wait till the glowing orb of the moon shine forth to irradiate
I wouldn’t doubt her.
of Hoed; you and I are in him surrented by brwn bldns; Elin’s flee polt pelhaps but Hwang Chang evelytime;
Mr Dedalus bent across to salute.
that he always wore crooked as often as I settled it straight H M S Calypso swinging my hat that
That why ecrazyaztecs and the crime ministers preaching him mornings and makes a power of spoon vittles out of his
and the golden importunity of aloofer’s leavetime, when, as quick, is greased pigskin, Amoricas Champius, with one aragan throust, druve
He took a red carnation from the tall stemglass.
that same multiplicit concordance which leads forth growth from birth accomplishing by a retrogressive metamorphosis that minishing and ablation towards
Milly served me that cutlet with a sprig of parsley.
Piled up in cities, worn away age after age.
Home also I cannot go.
and this lass not least, this rickissime woman, who she writes foot fortunes money times over in the nursery dust
I am afraid you could not heave ahore one of your own old stepstones, barnabarnabarn, over a stumbledown wall here
they are found in the right guess with their queerities no telling how.
You’ll pull it out somewhere and lose it.
pass how.
Don’t tell them he was nine years old when it was quenched.
Delahunt of Camden street had the catering and yours truly was chief bottlewasher.
So and So, wheelwright.
to the front, holds over the celebrant’s head an open umbrella.)_
I protest it that he is, by my wipehalf.
Do you tell me.
It must have fell down, she said.
The phaynix rose a sun before Erebia sank his smother!
Your rere gait’s creakorheuman bitts your butts disagrees.
were
Father Conmee smelt incense on his right hand as he walked.
Silence with a yawn or two accompanied this thrilling announcement.
Round their shores file shadows black of cedargroves.
You fee mendancers on the Riviera, I read. _(
capitis._
Gilly in the gap.
hoses in it and he came out with some jawbreakers about the incarnation he never can explain a thing simply
embossed mural paper at 10/- per dozen with transverse swags of carmine floral design and top crown frieze, staircase, three
You must have a certain fascination: Parnell.
Suppose we brisken up.
Thus cornered, Stephen had to make a superhuman effort of memory to try and concentrate and remember before he could
That’s all right.
For him had hord from fard a piping.
And tig for tag Togatogtug.
And would he not accept to die like the rest and pass away?
Excuse me, he said over his shoulder, _the dictates of common sense._
And in their minds years backslibris, so it was, slipping beauty, how they would be meshing that way, when he
No sir smile neighbour shall covet his ox or his wife or his manservant or his maidservant or his jackass.
Breakfast is ready.
_Ci rifletterò,_ Stephen said, glancing down the solid trouserleg.
Now could you make out a thing like that?
a shop and Ronda with the old windows of the posadas 2 glancing eyes a lattice hid for her lover
STEPHEN: Mark me.
patch to provide his bum end.
FIRST WATCH: Infernal machine with a time fuse.
There’ll be a job tomorrow or next day, Stephen told him, in a boys’ school at Dalkey for a gentleman
moribund and of nascent new stars such as Nova in 1901: of our system plunging towards the constellation of Hercules:
Looks like a phantom ship.
What recurrent impressions of the same were possible by hypothesis?
Photoflashing it far too wide.
At the dance night she met him, dance of the hours.
Warily, Malachi whispered, preserve a druid silence.
Must be two of em.
O, he did, Martin Cunningham affirmed.
Ingean mingen has to hear.
at the General Post Office, Hugh E. (Blazes) Boylan and so each and so on to no last term.
Don’t start like that, you wretch!
Ondt after this they have met themselves, these mouschical umsummables, it shall be motylucky if he will beheld not a
I’d burn the books that grieve you and light an allassundrian bom pyre that would suffragate Tome Plyfire or Zolfanerole.
Say the following talisman three times with hands folded:
See little poupeep she’s firsht ashleep.
Woman’s garments on chair.
she drakes me druck!
into Store street, famous for its C division police station.
Does he write anything for your movement?
The keeper of the Kildare street museum appears, dragging a lorry on which are the shaking statues of several naked
In greater support of his word (it, quaint ’anticipation of a famous phrase, has been reconstricted out of oral style
then if he gives me that well he wont be too bad I dont want to soak it all out
I’m the alligator.
gypsing water, telling him now, telling him all, all about ham and livery, stay and toast ham in livery, and
You wish to take us, Frui Mria, by degrees, as artis litterarumque patrona but I am afraid, my poor woman
garden, the vicinity of a place of worship, a conjunction of two or more public thoroughfares, the point of bisection
Yes, Martin Cunningham said, fingering his beard.
And no such Copenhague-Marengo was less so fated for a fall since in Glenasmole of Smiling Thrushes Patch Whyte passed
Perhaps he was a woman.
The coolskittle is philip deblinite.
I got mummy’s lovely box of creams and am writing.
the greene, agirlies, the gretnass of joyboys, from Pat Mullen, Tom Mallon, Dan Meldon, Don Maldon a slickstick picnic made
plabbery kind of a manner like he did to me though I had the devils own job to get it
Come what might she would be wild, untrammelled, free.
I don’t want your custom at all.
The turf, Lenehan put in.
perceived to give himself some sort of a hermetic prod or kick to sit up and take notice, which acted
Gracest goodness, heave mensy upponnus!
Cold joints galore and mince pies...
a field.
A statement explanatory of his absence on the occasion of the interment of Mrs Mary Dedalus (born Goulding), 26 June
had a hint of a hair at her fanny to hide or a bossom to tempt a birch canoedler not
Molly and Floey Dillon linked under the lilactree, laughing.
That girl passing the Stewart institution, head in the air.
Bloom’s thoughts about Stephen?
Harsh gargoyle face that warred against me over our mess of hash of lights in rue Saint-André-des-Arts.
Remind you of a mosque, redbaked bricks, the minarets.
In the bottled heliose case continuing, Long Lally Tobkids, the special, sporting a fine breast of medals, and a conscientious
There might be other answers lying there.
Collar the leather, youngun.
O rhyme us!
Mr Denis J Maginni, professor of dancing &c, in silk hat, slate frockcoat with silk facings, white kerchief tie, tight
situated in the cerebral convolutions.
My foes beneath me.
No other in sight.
Heavencry at earthcall, etnat athos?
And I tell you the Bective’s wouldn’t hold me.
Ticktacktwo wouldyousetashoe? _(
What also stimulated him in his cogitations?
was that 93 the canal was frozen yes it was a few months after a pity a couple of the
skirl when the hundt called a halt on the chivvychace of the ground sloper at that ligtning lovemaker’s thender apeal
Shame upon Private M!
(Ill)—whose bluebutterbust I have just given his coupe de grass to—neatly names a boîte à surprises.
Bloom goes with the poundnote to Stephen.)_
He looked upon you to lust after you.
lowerclass licensed victuallers signifies the cookable and eatable flesh of a calf newly dropped from its mother.
horse of quite another colour to say you believe in the existence of a supernatural God.
I must now close with fondest love
Such was a bitte too thikke for the Muster of the hoose so as he called down on the Grand
What comforted his misapprehension?
the dance, his knyckle allaready in his knackskey fob, a passable compatriate proparly of the Grimstad galleon, old pairs frieze,
He’s out in pampooties to murder you.
He had eaten all the whilepaper, swallowed the lustres, devoured forty flights of styearcases, chewed up all the mensas and
Five to three.
Regular square feed for them.
M. Drumont, famous journalist, Drumont, know what he called queen Victoria?
I’ll nudge you in a minute!
no, Sexton, Urbright.
a greet sacrifice with a rap of the gavel to a third price cowhandler as cheap as the niggerd’s dirt
and their half a tall hat, just now like the old Merquus of Pawerschoof, the old determined despot, (quiescents in
The chap in the macintosh is thirteen.
Very gratefully, with grateful appreciation, with sincere appreciative gratitude, in appreciatively grateful sincerity of regret, he declined.
basking in the boy and girl courtship idea and the company of smirking misses without a penny to their names
their joke was coming home to them, the steerage way for stabling, ghustorily spoeking, gen and gang, dane and dare,
THE VIRAGO: Signs on you, hairy arse.
Wavewhite wedded words shimmering on the dim tide.
so Gerty drew back her foot but she wished their stupid ball hadn’t come rolling down to her and she
mirror so as to bring into play the various families of muscles and produce successively a pleasant rigidity, a more
They buy one and fourpenceworth of brawn and four slices of panloaf at the north city diningrooms in Marlborough street
so much as mentioned for the Orient from on high which brake hell’s gates visited a darkness that was foraneous.
tempting last rose of summer, rose of Castile.
He speaks the words to Burbage, the young player who stands before him beyond the rack of cerecloth, calling him
What did each do at the door of egress?
wrong too thinking only of his own pleasure his tongue is too flat or I dont know what he forgets
her stocking.)_
know then and could you pass it easily pass what I thought he was talking about the rock of Gibraltar
messes dogess and it was a very pretty peltry and there were faults on both sides) well, he attempted (or
He remembered one night long ago.
For he devoused the lelias on the fined and he conforted samp, tramp and marchint out of the drumbume of
He falls back a pace.)_
Eeltraps, lobsterpots, fishingrods, hatchet, steelyard, grindstone, clodcrusher, swatheturner, carriagesack, telescope ladder, 10 tooth rake, washing clogs, haytedder, tumbling rake, billhook,
This morning the remains of the late Mr Patrick Dignam.
Man delights him not nor woman neither, Stephen said.
soundhearing and smellsniffing and tastytasting and tenderumstouchings in all Daneygaul, send us, your adorables, thou overblaseed, a wise and letters
Couldn’t sink if you tried: so thick with salt.
Girl there civil.
stews to make shift with in delights amorous for life ran very high in those days and the custom of
On the brewery float bumped dullthudding barrels rolled by grossbooted draymen out of Prince’s stores.
on like Shuley Luney, enlisted in Tyrone’s horse, the Irish whites, and soldiered a bit with Wolsey under the assumed
No one in his seven senses could as I have before said, only you missed my drift, for it’s being
Mr Lyster, an attendant said from the door ajar.
Or also living in different places.
_Each graceful look_...
of Kinsale.
THE FLYBILL: K. 11.
Assumed by any or known to none.
Ward for incurables there.
Yes, we seem to be forgetting her as Shakespeare himself forgot her.
her intentions.
As we want to hear allabout.
The child, a natural child, thenown by the mnames of, (aya!
with, what, Schott?)
A scheme for the repristination of passenger and goods traffics over Irish waterways, when freed from weedbeds.
He made a comic face and whined, rubbing his knee:
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring.
keyless watch and double curb Albert with seal attached, one side of him coated with stiffening mud.)_
He stopped at each, took out a communion, shook a drop or two (are they in water?)
Spattered with size and lime of their lodges they frisk limblessly about him.)_
Who were Shem and Shaun the living sons or daughters of?
Bloowho went by by Moulang’s pipes bearing in his breast the sweets of sin, by Wine’s antiques, in memory bearing
further oil mircles upon all herwayferer gods and reanouncing my deviltries as was I a locally person of caves until
Railway, Amiens street, returning.
Mind Maggy doesn’t pawn it on you.
flung sacks of letters, postcards, lettercards, parcels, insured and paid, for local, provincial, British and overseas delivery.
quite near so that it seemed new, a different grouping of bones and even flesh because palpably it was a
EDWARD THE SEVENTH: _(Slowly, solemnly but indistinctly.)_
Wonder what her father gave for it.
Gordon, Barnfield crescent, Exeter; Redmayne of Iffley, Saint Anne’s on Sea: the wife of William T Redmayne of a son.
me arts soar you’d aisy rouse a thunder from and where I cling true’tis there I climb tree and where
There would he lay till they would him descry, spancelled down upon a blossomy bed, at one foule stretch, amongst
Deploying to the left our light horse swept across the heights of Plevna and, uttering their warcry _Bonafide Sabaoth_, sabred
The seventh city, Urovivla, his citadear of refuge, whither (would we believe the laimen and their counts), beyond the outraved
Mr Dedalus covered himself quickly and got in, saying:
Stephen touched the edges of the book.
As they walked they at times stopped and walked again continuing their _tête à tête_ (which, of course, he was
For I declare to Jeshuam I’m beginning to get sunsick!
a brieze to Yverzone o’er the brozaozaozing sea, from Inchigeela call the way how it suspired (morepork!
I sow home slowly now by own way, moyvalley way.
sun to the going down thereof, the pale, the dark, the ruddy and the ethiop.
and the plug party says, touchant Arser of the Rum Tipple and his camelottery and lyonesslooting but with a layaman’s
What lighter recreations?
And the prankquean pulled a rosy one and made her wit foreninst the dour.
out of some people she knew.
Yet I cannot on my solemn merits as a recitativer recollect ever having done of anything of the kind to
Probably not a bit like it really.
they said, and we’re going to mark it, sore, they said, with a carbon caustick manner) bequother the liberaloider at
his hat from side to side, shrinking quickly to the size of his trainbearers.
A loss of Lordedward and a lack of sirphilip a surgeonet showeradown could suck more gargling bubbles out of the
Are the conscript fathers pursuing their peaceful deliberations?
Embrace me tight, dear.
Dear Mr Editor, what is a good cure for flatulence?
Psalmtimes it grauws on me to ramble, ramble, ramble.
That’s saint Augustine.
Ay, a grass one, Myles Crawford said, his eye running down the typescript.
volume of peccaminous pornographical tendency entituled _Sweets of Sin_, anonymous author a gentleman of fashion, a temporary concussion caused by
braz, I’d pinsel it with immenuensoes as easy as I’d perorate a chickerow of beans for the price of two
the duke of Westminster’s _Shotover_, the duke of Beaufort’s _Ceylon_, _prix de Paris_, 1866.
Thus we cannot escape our likes and mislikes, exiles or ambusheers, beggar and neighbour and—this is where the dime—show advertisers
azurespotted fine attractable nets, their nansen nets, from Matt Senior to the thurrible mystagogue after him and from thence to
Met him what?
I’ll do him in, so help me fucking Christ!
Have you the? _
And if they don’t remarry that hook and eye may!
Under his seven wrothschields lies one, Lumproar.
lately at the table explaining things in the paper and she pretending to understand sly of course that comes from
Clam or cram, spick or spat?
shot it wouldnt have been so bad I love to see a regiment pass in review the first time I
Run him a johnsgate down jameseslane.
 Well, my positively last at any stage!
His five hundred wives.
where the human race itself were the Pythagorean sesquipedalia of the panepistemion, however apically Volapucky, grunted and gromwelled, ichabod, habakuk,
And how they cast their spells upon, the fronds that thereup float, the bookstaff branchings!
in this vongn of Hoseyeh!),
A woman and a man.
want (the fog follow you all!)
quadrangle with aslant off ohahnthenth a wenchyoumaycuddler, lying with her royalirish uppershoes among the theeckleaves.
Helpunto min, helpas vin.
For what personal purpose could Bloom have applied the water so boiled?
J. Finn’s or Pease in Plenty by the Curer of Wars, licensed and censered by our most picturesque prelates, Their
the merry and mournful with the downcast, so too is her age changeable as her mood.
He bore no hate.
 I feel a fine lady . . .
You can’t drink that stuff.
Cropherb the crunch-bracken shall decide.
next room hed have heard me on the chamber arrah what harm Dedalus I wonder its like those names in
Haines sat down to pour out the tea.
and embalsemate, pending a rouseruction of his bogey, most highly astounded, as it turned up, after his life overlasting, at
to find out how his innards worked!
Sign, Soideric O’Cunnuc, Rix.
BLOOM: Pleased to hear from you, Chris.
from the secret morning.
There’s only one sense of the word, it seems to me, Stephen said.
_(In disdain she saunters away, plump as a pampered pouter pigeon, humming the duet from_ Don Giovanni.)
Onehandled adulterer, he said smiling grimly.
Tolv two elf kater ten (it can’t be) sax.
_(He lifts his ashplant high with both hands and smashes the chandelier.
could ever sleep off the turf!
and the authorities, Noord Amrikaans and Suid Aferican cattleraiders (so they say) all over like a tiara dullfuoco, in his
move freely in space by separating himself from the railings and crouching in preparation for the impact of the fall.
hand that Dignam owed Bridgeman the money and if now the wife or the widow contested the mortgagee’s right till
And the other one?
The delegation partook of luncheon at the conclusion of which the dusky potentate, in the course of a happy speech,
I lob him.
pitch in and swing for your perfect stranger in the meadow of heppiness and then wipe the street up with
I will try, Stephen said, and let you know tomorrow.
LYNCH: All one and the same God to her.
gooseberries, pulpy and pelurious, and strawberries fit for princes and raspberries from their canes.
Sees me looking.
He saw him once on the auspicious occasion when they broke up the type in the _Insuppressible_ or was it
old Johnny MacDougall: the four of us and no more of us and so now pass the fish for Christ
No martyr where the preature is there’s no plagues like rome.
He walked on, waiting to be spoken to, trailing his ashplant by his side.
By bronze, by gold, in oceangreen of shadow.
F. K. Q. C. P. I.) is the able and popular master, he is reported by eyewitnesses as having stated
By the way no harm.
she was, in the end, the deary, soldpowder and all, the beautfour sisters, and that was her mudhen republican name,
I’ll rub that in.
Sitting on his throne sucking red jujubes white.
_(The face of Martin Cunningham, bearded, refeatures Shakespeare’s beardless face.
Yass, zotnyzor, I don’t think I did not, pojr.
out of me and that black closed breeches he made me buy takes you half an hour to let them
replyin that he was feelin tipstaff, cue, prodooced from his gunpocket his Jurgensen’s shrapnel waterbury, ours by communionism, his by
I want to know.
Probably lost cattle.
One to one on!
BELLA: Do you want me to call the police?
A deaf gardener, aproned, masked with Matthew Arnold’s face, pushes his mower on the sombre lawn watching narrowly the dancing
O, shade of Kinch the elder!
Lodenbroke the Longman, now he canseels under veerious persons but is always that Rorke relly!
and latewiser.
Handed him the father and mother of a beating.
but wasn’t.
Get a light snack in Davy Byrne’s.
At last she spotted a weeny weeshy one miles away. _
I see... Right.
If you will be so kind as to give the letter to Mr Norman...
He pushed in the glass swingdoor and entered, stepping over strewn packing paper.
And you, father?
double ess ment of a harassed pedlar while gauging au the symmetry with a y of a peeled pear under
Petticoats for Molly.
Consort not even a king.
By him it was done bapka, by me it was gone into, to whom it will beblive, Mushame, Mushame!
and suckling, priest and pauper, matrmatron and merrymeg, into the meddle of the mudstorm.
He never cotched finer, balay me, at Romiolo Frullini’s flea pantamine out of Griddle-the-Sink or Shusies-with-her-Soles-Up or La Sauzerelly, the
Finbad the Failer and Binbad the Bailer and Pinbad the Pailer and Minbad the Mailer and Hinbad the Hailer and
_(J. J. O’Molloy steps on to a low plinth and holds the lapel of his coat with solemnity.
BLOOM: _(Hatless, flushed, covered with burrs of thistledown and gorsespine.)_
And, speaking anent Tiberias and other incestuish salacities among gerontophils, a word of warning about the tenderloined passion hinted at.
O bunket not Orwin!
in the direction of area baldness (one is continually firstmeeting with odd sorts of others at all sorts of ages!)
And Jacky Caffrey shouted to look, there was another and she leaned back and the garters were blue to match
 I hear these two goddesses are liable to sue him?
The twining stresses, two by two.
like a river so clear Harry Molly darling I was thinking of him on the sea all the time after
Your head has been touched by the god Enel-Rah and your face has been brightened by the goddess Aruc-Ituc.
Stars all around suns turn roundabout.
All are washed in the blood of the sun.
They would be born so, costarred, puck and prig, the maryboy at Donnybrook Fair, the godolphinglad in the Hoy’s Court.
Send it at once, will you?
a woman, as the tale went, of extreme beauty, had enjoyed the distinction of being in service in the washkitchen.
All the year round he prayed the same thing over them all and shook water on top of them: sleep.
 I see now.
with you _in toto_ there.
my air, the Golden Bridge’s truth.
Should have put on coldcream first make it brown.
Me in his eyes.
With tirra lirra rondinelles, atantivy we go!
Sadly over the crossblind Lydia Douce and Mina Kennedy gaze.)_
 When I tell you I was rooshiamarodnimad with myself altogether, so I was, for being sorry for him.
Your exagmination round his factification for incamination of a warping process.
a help undo their modest stays with a fullbelow may the funnyfeelbelong.
face and he was plainly out on the ramp and mash, as you might say, for he sproke.
Piper is coming.
I don’t believe it.
he asked of Stephen.
And the gay lakin, mistress Fitton, mount and cry O, and his dainty birdsnies, lady Penelope Rich, a clean quality
He was feeling so funny and floored for the cue, all over which girls as he don’t know whose hue.
A servant too.
Chap you know just to salute bit of a bore.
Give it a name, citizen, says Joe.
advance the temporal relief plea—let us be tolerant of antipathies.
with a queeleetlecree of joysis crisis she renulited their disunited, with ripy lepes to ropy lopes (the dear o’dears!)
No such a thing!
_(The bulldog growls, his scruff standing, a gobbet of pig’s knuckle between his molars through which rabid scumspittle dribbles.
After liryc and themodius soft aglo iris of the vals.
gave me a great mirada once or twice first he was as stiff as the mischief really and truly Mrs
It’s the white of the eye brings that out not so much the pupil.
Given a guarantee equal to the sum sought, the support, by deed of gift and transfer vouchers during donor’s lifetime
It is she, Martha, thou lost one, Millicent, the young, the dear, the radiant.
left) from the land of breach of promise with Brendan’s mantle whitening the Kerribrasilian sea and March’s pebbles spinning from
Cruel it seems.
What considerations rendered departure not entirely undesirable?
to some feeler she fancie’s face.
delta in Cassiopeia, the recumbent constellation which is the signature of his initial among the stars.
Come across yourself.
No, he skid like a skate and berthed on her byrnie and never a fear but they’ll land him yet,
Yet certes one is.
We bright young chaps of the brandnew braintrust are briefed here and with maternal sanction compellably empanelled at quarter sessions
Elf, Thortytoe: My schemes into obeyance for This time has had to fall: they bit goodbyte to their thumb and,
By the hoky fiddle, thanks be to Jesus those funny little chaps are not unanimous.
The Englishman, whose right eye was nearly closed, took his corner where he was liberally drenched with water and when
Lolo Lolo liebermann you loved to be leaving Libnius.
betied.
winevatswaterway, squeezing the life out of the liffey.
Wonder where that rat is by now.
Patrons of your establishment.
moirette, all these objects being disposed irregularly on the top of a rectangular trunk, quadruple battened, having capped corners, with
Not too much polite.
The possibility of exercising virile power of fascination in the not immediate future after an expensive repast in a private
Jervis Street hospital), Matthew F. Kane (accidental drowning, Dublin Bay), Philip Moisel (pyemia, Heytesbury street), Michael Hart (phthisis, Mater Misericordiae
Mild fire of wine kindled his veins.
So help me boyg who keeps the book!
_(A female tepid effluvium leaks out from her.
verborum tuorum veritas: in eternum omnia iudicia iustitiæ tuæ._
whiles even led comesilencers to comeliewithhers and till intempestuous Nox should catch the gallicry and spot lucan’s dawn, byhold at
Took its time in coming like herself, slow but sure.
and upper Rathmines, Sandymount Green, Rathmines, Ringsend and Sandymount Tower, Harold’s Cross.
I suppose so, father.
A mother watches me from her doorway.
O, I know him, Myles Crawford said, and I knew his wife too.
And the dal dabal dab aldanabal!
You can ken that they come of a rarely old family by their costumance and one must togive that one
And you, when you kept at Dulby, were you always (for that time only) what we knew how when we
We learned that from them.
What will you have?
be assisted to his seat by the aid of a powerful steam crane), Monsieur Pierrepaul Petitépatant, the Grandjoker Vladinmire Pokethankertscheff,
it from Variants’ Katey Sherratt that had it from Variants’ Katey Sherratt’s man for the bonnefacies of Blashwhite and Blushred
Saw him looking at my frockcoat.
And as for the lessee or keeper, who probably wasn’t the other person at all, he (B.) couldn’t help feeling
They buy the place up with gold and still they have all the gold.
Cours de mains!
wordpress else is there no virtue more in alcohoran.
Had slipped down to the foot of the bed.
which he picksticked into his lettruce invrention.
PRIVATE CARR: _(To Cissy Caffrey.)_
says Jack Power.
 South I see.
of law and with him his lady wife a dame of peerless lineage, fairest of her race.
Well, he’s going off by the mailboat, says Joe, tonight.
He is doing a walk, says she, in the feelmick’s park, says he, like a tarrable Turk, says she, letting
You put your hoof in it now.
she velly fond of chee. (
no rates to done a kik at with anyon anakars about tutus milking fores and the rereres on the outerrand
and raptist bride is aptist breed (tha lassy!
Then, pious Eneas, conformant to thc fulminant firman which enjoins on the tremylose terrian that, when the call comes, he
Please by acquiester to meek my acquointance!
She doesn’t care a damn.
that she would never forget her hero boy who went to his death with a song on his lips as
how to settle it at the back when I put it up and whats this else how to make a
Hittit was of another time, a white horsday where the midril met the bulg, sbogom, roughnow along about the first
urban, eugenious and celestian in the formose of good grogory humours.
They go, they come.
Davy Byrne, sated after his yawn, said with tearwashed eyes:
We knows his ventruquulence.
Howforhim chirrupeth evereachbird!
And his first child a girl?
For Liverpool probably.
fleshly when with all my bawdy did I her whorship, min bryllupswibe: Heaven, he hallthundered; Heydays, he flung blissforhers.
accelerated by mental exertion and the velocity of rapid circular motion in a relaxing atmosphere, Stephen attributed to the reapparition
The devil break the hasp of your back!
He did, faith, sir Tom.
That one day he will come again.
But could he not have endeavoured to have found again as in his youth the bottle Holiness that then he
feels of the fumes in the wakes of his ears our wineman from Barleyhome he just slumped to throne.
And, faith, he filled up. _
who, without an auction of biasement from my part, with gladyst tone ahquickyessed in it, overhowe and underwhere, the totty
This, of course, also explains why we were taught to play in the childhood: Der Haensli ist ern Butterbrot, mein
He gazed about him in his toga and he said: _It is meet to be here.
I’m not going tomorrow either, stay away till Monday.
Miss Kennedy unplugged her ears to hear, to speak: but said, but prayed again:
I looked all along the gutter in O’Connell street.
dear thankyou Chriesty and with grand funferall of poor Father Michael don’t forget unto life’s & Muggy well how are
Took off her hat to show her hair.
wage wealthwards and incursioned a sotten retch of low pleasure, missed in some parts but with lucal drizzles, the outlook
through tortoiseshell quizzing-glasses which she takes from inside her huge opossum muff.)_
A woman brought sin into the world.
Lend him to me.
Mind, Joe, says I. Show us the entrance out.
Shake it up, do, do!
No, say I!
Hear, O hear, living of the land!
He makes the beagle’s call, giving tongue.)_
4 drunken English sailors took all the rock from them and because I didnt run into mass often enough in
If you’ll gimmy your thing to me I will gamey a sing to thee.
Edy Boardman was noticing it too because she was squinting at Gerty, half smiling, with her specs like an old
production of semen by distillation: the futility of triumph or protest or vindication: the inanity of extolled virtue: the lethargy
There’s hair, Joe, says I. Get a queer old tailend of corned beef off of that one, what?
And how’s the old heart, citizen?
That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours.
In Ely place, Baggot street, Duke’s lawn, thence through Merrion green up to Holles street a swash of water flowing
when he wore making spaces on his ikey, he ware mouche mothst secred and muravyingly wisechairmanlooking.
I call on my old friend, Dr Malachi Mulligan, sex specialist, to give medical testimony on my behalf.
Your son and heir.
Where maggot Harvey kneeled till bags?
I having belittled myself to my gay giftname of insectarian, happy burgages abeyance would make homesweetstown hopeygoalucrey, my mottu propprior,
hedge.
FIRST WATCH: Come.
Andoo musnoo play zeloso!
And going forth he met Butterly.
to do.
Rhythm begins, you see.
I had half a crown myself, says Terry, on _Zinfandel_ that Mr Flynn gave me.
room only in the prompter’s box and everthemore his queque kept swelling) of enthusiastic noblewomen flinging every coronetcrimsoned stitch they
of time to practise literature in his spare moments when desirous of so doing without its clashing with his vocal
Have we cherished expectations?
By rose, by satiny bosom, by the fondling hand, by slops, by empties, by popped corks, greeting in going, past
the new Bloomusalem in the Nova Hibernia of the future.
It tellyhows its story to their six of hearts, a twelve-eyed man; for whom has madjestky who since is dyed
his smell which all cookmaids eminently objected to as ressembling the bombinubble puzzo that welled out of the pozzo.
Lissnaluhy such as the Djublian Alps and the Hoofd Ribeiro as where he and his trulock may ever make a
A crazy queen, old and jealous.
Me seemeth a dragon man.
Chewing his blade of hay he laid the coffinlid by and came to the doorway.
Jeebies, ugh, kek, ptah, that was an ill man!
In Fownes’s street Dilly Dedalus, straining her sight upward from Chardenal’s first French primer, saw sunshades spanned and wheelspokes spinning
Sweet lemony wax.
were made public with the usual affectionate letters that passed between them full of sweet nothings.
Did I write Ballsbridge on the envelope I took to cover when she disturbed me writing to Martha?
May we not recommend them?
I hate roaming about.
Is it some paradox?
O, get out, you skunk!
one had on him the Lynn O’Brien, a meltoned lammswolle, disturbed, and wider he might the same zurichschicken other he
Now Bunk of England’s.
Mr Bloom turned and saw the liveried porter raise his lettered cap as a stately figure entered between the newsboards
from the steeple over the quiet seashore because Canon O’Hanlon was up on the altar with the veil that Father
Drop me the sound of the findhorn’s name, Mtu or Mti, sombogger was wisness.
gilt mirror over the mantelpiece.
Almost taste them by looking.
of encient cartage.
the great saint Bernard said in his famous prayer of Mary, the most pious Virgin’s intercessory power that it was
He gazed after the last broad tunic.
How I shall, should I survive, as, please the uniter of U.M.I. hearts, I am living in hopes to do,
Bottle of lager.
Poached eyes on ghost.
Lynch and Kitty and Zoe stampede from the room.
When she lays her egg she is so glad.
our nazional labronry.
déshabillé._
 And it was eleven thirstytoo befour in soandsuch, reloy on it!
I is a femaline person.
Passionate nature though he was Gerty could see that he had enormous control over himself.
Bloom approaches Zoe.)_
He cooed that loud nor he was young.
Light swift her eyes kindled, bloom of blushes his word winning.
Inshore and farther out the mirror of water whitened, spurned by lightshod hurrying feet.
BLOOM: _(Her eyes upturned in the sign of admiration, closing, yaps.)_
Larches, firs, all the trees of the conifer family are going fast.
smaller, Irish, bisected with augmented surface and more redolent, a jar of Irish Model Dairy’s cream, a jug of brown
Life, love, voyage round your own little world.
changeable jade that would robe the wood of two cardinals’ chairs and crush poor Cullen and smother MacCabe.
I, says Armagh, and a’m proud o’it.
or a platter of tripes with a bare tester in his purse he could always bring himself off with his
On the doorstep all the whores clustered talk volubly, pointing to the right where the fog has cleared off.
Many bonafide travellers and ownerless dogs come near him and defile him.
No dollop this but thick rich bonnyclaber.
Compulsory manual labour for all.
U. p: up. _(
Just keeping alive, M’Coy said.
Wellington memorial half a league wrongwards; to Sara’s bridge good hunter and nine to meet her: to the point, one
called on good men and true.
and ringing rinbus round Demetrius for, as you wrinkle wryghtly, bully bluedomer, it’s a suirsite’s stircus haunting hesteries round old
his happiness, is taking, (heal helper!
Since their names were coupled, though, since he was her declared favourite, where was the particular necessity to proclaim it
Homerule sun setting in the southeast.
Stout lady does be with you in the brown costume.
That she seventip toe her chrysming, that she spin blue to scarlad till her temple’s veil, that the Mount of
Dauran’s lord (‘Sniffpox’) and Moirgan’s lady (‘Flatterfun’) took sides and crossed and bowed to each other’s views and recrossed themselves.
I will, says he, honourable person.
The charges are, you will remember, the chances are, you won’t; bit it’s old Joe, the Java Jane, older even
towards the seaweedy rocks.
Hing the Hong is his jove’s hangnomen!
the walk, sees his sham cram bokk!)
He himself, my lord, is a physical wreck from cobbler’s weak chest.
Wherefore they wail.
Mayor of Dublin), Christopher Callinan, Lenehan, an Italian organgrinder, an unknown gentleman in the Gaiety Theatre, Benjamin Dollard, Simon Dedalus,
Or do you mean the intelligence, the brainpower as such, as distinct from any outside object, the table, let us
Then the next one.
Their names are Anne Kearns and Florence MacCabe.
Aleph Beth Ghimel Daleth Hagadah Tephilim Kosher Yom Kippur Hanukah Roschaschana Beni Brith Bar Mitzvah Mazzoth Askenazim Meshuggah Talith.
My painful duty has now been done.
Renove that bible.
breakfast dinner and supper I thought to myself afterwards it must be real love if a man gives up his
And he showed them glistering coins of the tribute and goldsmith notes the worth of two pound nineteen shilling that
included, the titledeeds to remain in possession of the lender or lenders with a saving clause envisaging forced sale, foreclosure
I appeal for clemency in the name of the most sacred word our vocal organs have ever been called upon
patient Griselda, a Penelope stayathome.
If others have their will Ann hath a way.
This is bode Belchum, bonnet to busby, breaking his secred word with a ball up his ear to the Willingdone.
pounds, fourteen shillings and sixpence, sterling), net personalty: certificate of possession of £ 900, Canadian 4% (inscribed) government stock (free
going away well I hope shell get someone to dance attendance on her the way I did when she was
_(She drops two pennies in the slot.
And one more to hail him: _ave, rabbi_: the Tinahely twelve.
L. J. Hickey, O. P.; the very rev.
Good day, Mr O’Rourke.
Bloom takes J. J. O’Molloy’s hand and raises it to his lips.)_
France produces the finest flower of corruption in Mallarmé but the desirable life is revealed only to the poor of
befit them her beholding, when the case was so hoving itself, parturient in vehicle thereward carrying desire immense among all
ten and other high personages simply following in the footsteps of the head of the state, he reflected about the
Take your tiger over it.
The propitious moment.
The leady on the lake and the convict of the forest.
Corny Kelleher with his wall eye looking in as they went past, talking to him like a father, trying to
Be a prism.
what a row youre making like the jersey lily easy easy O how the waters come down at Lahore
or my own room anyway I wish hed sleep in some bed by himself with his cold feet on me
like a chimista inchamisas, whom the harricana hurries and hots foots, zingo, zango, segur.
Mr B interrogated.
out of glasshouse whom I shuffled hands with named MacBlacks—I think their names is MacBlakes—from the Headfire Clump—and they were
The lady Gwendolen Dubedat bursts through the throng, leaps on his horse and kisses him on both cheeks amid great
Illstarred punster, lipstering cowknucks. ’
the way he plots and plans everything out I couldnt turn round with her in the place lately unless I
Bannalanna Bangs Ballyhooly Out Of Her Buddaree Of A Bullavogue.
Jerne valing is.
You can take it from here or from here.
to the corner of Turbot Street, perplexing about a paumpshop and pupparing to spit, wanting to know whelp the henconvention’s
Just a few.
It is as painful perhaps to be awakened from a vision as to be born.
You will fall.
and on the cresties and winblowing night after night, for years and years perhaps, after you swearing to it a
STEPHEN: _Ah non, par exemple!_
The Kinsella woman’s man will never reduce me.
For every newbegotten thou shalt gather thy homer of ripe wheat.
He ought to go away for a change of ideas and he’d have a world of things to look back
Sdrats ye, Gus Paudheen!
Why is that, I wonder, or does it mean something perhaps?
Yes, how it trembles, the timid!
moment he could dixtinguish a white thread from a black till the engine of the laws declosed unto Murray and
PADDY DIGNAM: _(Earnestly.)_
Taking my motives he twined and turned them.
What reflection concerning the irregular sequence of dates 1884, 1885, 1886, 1888, 1892, 1893, 1904 did Bloom make before their
for that greekenhearted yude!
call the tuone tuone and thonder alout makes the thurd.
He looked down intently into a stone crypt.
Pure Yawn lay low.
This is the bullet that byng the flag of the Prooshious.
Dr Horne got her in.
A few pigses and hare you are and no chicking, tribune’s tribute, if you guess mimic miening.
felt that she too could write poetry if she could only express herself like that poem that appealed to her
ZOE: Clap on the back for Zoe.
in his storm collar, as I leaned yestreen from his muskished labs, even my little pom got excited, when I
This is the Willingdone branlish his same marmorial tallowscoop Sophy-Key-Po for his royal divorsion on the rinnaway jinnies.
Up stage strode Father Cowley.
the decencies of prison garb permitted her ardour to reach.
zest.
of you senorita theres some sense in that didnt he kiss our halldoor yes he did what a madman nobody
Not Hans the Curier though had he had have only had some little laughings and some less of cheeks and
Tell us in franca langua.
first police bubby cunstabless of Dora’s Diehards in the field I might chance to follopon.
Kevanses and Little on the Green is childsfather to the City (Year!
bearings deliver them; so they keep to their rights and be ware of duty frees, neoliffic smith and magdalenian jinnyjones,
A cloud began to cover the sun slowly, wholly.
After all there’s a lot in that vegetarian fine flavour of things from the earth garlic of course it stinks
The pall of incense smoke screens and disperses.
bight shimmeryshaking for the welt of his plow.
And she saw a long Roman candle going up over the trees, up, up, and, in the tense hush, they
But he must send me _La Vie de Jésus_ by M. Léo Taxil.
 A tricolour ribbon that spells a caution.
It would lackin mackin Hodder’s and Cocker’s erithmatic.
a round and tease their partners lovesoftfun at Finnegan’s Wake.
She read or had read to her his chapbooks preferring them to the _Merry Wives_ and, loosing her nightly waters
Whene’er I see those smiles in eyes ’tis Father Quinn again.
Wholehunting the pairk on a methylogical mission whenever theres imberillas!
Spose we try it promissly.
goddesses, Venus Callipyge, Venus Pandemos, Venus Metempsychosis, and plaster figures, also naked, representing the new nine muses, Commerce, Operatic Music,
Relieving office here.
lover of lithurgy, bekant or besant, where’s the fate’s to be wished for?
For my own coant!
Stephen Dedalus, and in and from the constellation of Auriga some years after the birth and death of Rudolph Bloom,
I mean for singing purposes.
Listen: the man.
bodies, each, in continuity, its universe of divisible component bodies of which each was again divisible in divisions of redivisible
Buck Mulligan sighed and, having filled his mouth with a crust thickly buttered on both sides, stretched forth his legs
the whirl, the flash and the trouble, who, having partially recovered from a recent impeachment due to egg everlasting, but
domestic economical.
Penny a week for a sod of turf.
Martin could wind a sappyhead like that round his little finger, without his seeing it.
An ingenious suggestion is that thrown out by Mr V. Lynch (Bacc.
From Dancingtree till Suttonstone There’s lads no lie would filch a crown To mull their sack and brew their tay
uncover the nakedness of an unknown body in the fields of blue or as forehearingly as the sibspeeches of all
poor shehusbands, in dear byword days, and never brought to mind, to see no more the rainwater on the floor
biche_, they have a rain that will wet through any, even the stoutest cloak.
Still Captain Culler broke a window in the Kildare street club with a slog to square leg.
was the accomplished daughter of Major Brian Tweedy and displayed at an early age remarkable proficiency as a singer having
For instance M’Auley’s down there: n. g. as position.
thing, he heroically made light of the mischance.
An allness eversides!
and I seen his brichashert offensive and his boortholomas vadnhammaggs vise a vise them scharlot runners and how they gave
Enough bother wading through fortyfour of them.
O, look, Cissy!
A little then sufficed, a jolting car, the mingling odours of the ladies’ cloakroom and lavatory, the throng penned tight
Just a flash like that.
The bedside manner it is that they use in the Mater hospice.
wee dots Hyphen, the so pretty arched godkin of beddingnights.
My casting vote is: Mooney’s!
knickerbockers, as wangfish daring the buoyant waters, when rodmen’s firstaiding hands had rescued un from very possibly several feel of
Not true what chronicles is bringing his portemanteau priamed full potatowards.
weakly we went on to ask now of the gracious one.
Are we late?
You are late, he spoke hoarsely, eying her with a suspicious glare.
And Able was I ere I saw Elba.
I am superbly in my supremest poncif!
Buck Mulligan’s voice sang from within the tower.
Or do you are fond better what belongs they moderns pleasure turpitude of old mans? _(
My wrists are wrusty rubbing the mouldaw stains.
Our old friend caustic.
a nice how-do-you-do in Pool-black at the time as some of our olddaisers may still tremblingly recall) to ask could
the Bug of the Deaf; thc king was in his cornerwall melking mark so murry, the queen was steep in
Where’s the third person of the Blessed Trinity?
letters my Precious one everything connected with your glorious Body everything underlined that comes from it is a thing of
the princest day, when Fair Margrate waited Swede Villem, and Lally in the rain, with the blank prints, now extincts,
Many a diva devoucha saw her Dauber Dan at the priesty pagoda Rota ran.
and Galathee.
But I, entelechy, form of forms, am I by memory because under everchanging forms.
Nor needs none shaft ne stele from Phenicia or Little Asia to obelise on the spout, neither pobalclock neither folksstone,
of couples in Mr Tunnelly’s hallways (smash it) wriggling with lowcusses and cockchafers and vamps and rodants, with the end
O, not in the least.
These are handy things to have.
Stinks like a polecat. _
He knows you.
No, not tell all.
Well now, look at that.
This is my body.
_Martha_ it is.
Isle of saints.
I do not credit one word of it from such and suchess mistraversers.
Timothy canon Gorman, P. P.; the rev.
Gangang is Mine and I will return.
You are your own master, it seems to me.
A more nor usually sober cardriver, who was jauntingly hosing his runabout, Ginger Jane, took a strong view.
than once for the solution of difficult problems in imaginary or real life.
Double marriage of sisters celebrated.
second of the realm, had met them in the tholsel, and there, after due prayers to the gods who dwell
But the prankquean swaradid: Am liking it.
The way they spring those questions on you.
One: a squat stuffed easychair, with stout arms extended and back slanted to the rere, which, repelled in recoil, had
That cursed dyspepsia, he said before drinking.
holding to that prestatute in our charter, may have our irremovable doubts as to the whole sense of the lot,
Why, the sailor said, shifting his partially chewed plug.
Ha Me Happinice!
plump kid glove, while four shillings, a sixpence and five pennies chuted from his other plump glovepalm into his purse.
But Edy got as cross as two sticks about him getting his own way like that from everyone always petting
drank no manner of mead which he then put by and anon full privily he voided the more part in
Learn the Nunsturk.
The blinds drawn.
Michael, who has formerly debauched Anita, dispenses her from yielding to Honuphrius who pretends publicly to possess his conjunct in
Bloom viewed a gallant pictured hero in Lionel Marks’s window.
exilicy’s the O’Daffy, in justifiable hope that, in nobiloroman review of the hugely sitisfactuary conclusium of their negotiations and the
Giving Shaughnessy’s mare the hillymount of her life.
with, in some greenish distance, the charmful waterloose country and the two quitewhite villagettes who hear show of themselves so
father who was laid up, knew by the style it was the lord and lady lieutenant but she couldn’t see
Findlings makes runaways, runaways a stray.
The financial success achieved by Ephraim Marks and Charles A. James, the former by his 1d bazaar at 42 George’s
Behove this sound of Irish sense.
The Arabian Nights Entertainment_ was my favourite and _Red as a Rose is She._
I have won straight.
It was a pitchdark night.
or an array of thin trunks, serving whom in fine that same hot coney a la Zingara which our own
As sure as we are standing here the jew merchants are already at their work of destruction.
Or just for rugs.
feels the amossive silence of the cladstone allegibelling: Ive mies outs ide Bourn.)
At Newcomen bridge Father Conmee stepped into an outward bound tram for he disliked to traverse on foot the dingy
the spot to see about trying to make arrangements about a concert tour of summer music embracing the most prominent
So a many of churches one cannot pray own’s prayers. ’
He offered to send me through the post a work of fiction by Monsieur Paul de Kock, entitled _The Girl
Do you want three girls?
His image, wandering, he met.
Of the first was he to bare arms and a name: Wassaily Booslaeugh of Riesengeborg.
Wife in her throes.
I seen Russia. _
Or so they allege.
ladies’ lavastories we just lease to imagination) or in the sweet churchyard close itself for a bit of soft coal
No more turdenskaulds!
BLOOM: I can give you... I mean as your business menagerer... Mrs Marion... if you...
To be presented, Babs for Bimbushi?
Ah, the brother-in-law.
Retreating, at the terminus of the Great Northern Railway, Amiens street, with constant uniform acceleration, along parallel lines meeting at
those three stout sweynhearts, Orion of the Orgiasts, Meereschal MacMuhun, the Ipse dadden, product of the extremes giving quotidients to
Go home to nicey bread and milky and say night prayers with the kiddies.
You naughty too?
He said that he had seen from the gods my peerless globes as I sat in a box of the
others back Mrs Rubio said she was a regular old rock scorpion robbing the chickens out of Inces farm and
He weighed the possible evidences for and against ritual murder: the incitations of the hierarchy, the superstition of the populace,
They talked seriously of mocker’s seriousness.
entire district is being grown at present, eminently adapted for the requirements of pacnincstricken humanity and, between all the goings
She was alone.
I was just beautifying him, don’t you know.
Is it a factual fact, proved up to scabsteethshilt, that this fancydress nordic in shaved lamb breeches, child’s kilts, bibby
Christ or Pilate?
How many children did he leave?
chees of all chades at the same time as he wags an antomine art of being rude like the boor.
Will you to your power cause law and mercy to be executed in all your judgments in Ireland and territories
Harpooning flitches and hindquarters out of it.
Assembly men murmured.
Where it is nobler in the main to supper than the boys and errors of outrager’s virtue.
But a magnificent brut! ‘
I know him well to see, Davy Byrne said.
the fenians, roi des fainéants; his Tiara of scones was held unfillable till one Liam Fail felled him in Westmunster;
Etoudies for the right hand.
They took it asunder, I hurd thum sigh.
Martin Cunningham said.
Good, Stephen said.
