The immedicable soul,  with heart-aches ever new.
Before his footsteps; as when heav'd anew
By jasper pillars, letting through their shafts
While the young warrior with a step of grace
Wandering about in pine and cedar gloom
All nature listening seem'd the while,
Wi' mony an eldritch screech and hollow.
When these shall be thy heart's employ,
For a' their colleges and schools,
How fair, how young, how soft soe'er he seem,
Spurning nature, torturing art;
An' ye had been whare I hae been,
Dull, listless, teas'd, dejected, and deprest,
Till night goes sleep, and they can do no less;
The tempest came: I saw that vessel's shrouds
The tomb a hell--and Hell itself a murkier gloom.
Oh, there beyond expression blest,
And watch intently Nature's gentle doings:
Unknown of any, free from whispering tale.
And solve and melt:--'twas just as he foresaw.
There's monie a creditable stock
Now but an' ben, the Change-house fills,
And took her home, where scarce an hour gone by
When bayonets opposed the targe,
I shudder--gentle river, get thee hence.
Or labour hard the panegyric close,
Phœbe, his passion! joyous she upheld
And foresters low bent, the wind to shun,
There is a sleepy dusk, an odorous shade
Whence may be seen the castle gloomy, and grand:
A wretch! a villain! lost to love and truth!
Of a new world, than only thus to be
Sir Gondibert has doff'd his shining steel,
As fresh as the ivy around the lone tomb,
My lan ahin's  a weel gaun fillie,
Through a vast antre; then the metal woof,
Though turbans now pollute Sophia's shrine,
And traverse Paynim shores, and pass Earth's central line.
When I mount the creepie chair,
Our humble cot, and hamely fare,
The general gladness: awfully he stands;
For something only seen by thee;
When the kind voice of good Sir Clerimond
An' there will be Douglasses  doughty,
Those marble steps that through the water dip:
And multiply in us a brighter ray
While many a languid eye and thrilling hand
Shut softly up alive. To speak he tries.
Frae words an' aiths to clours an' nicks,
My mind could relish what it might have sought,
Away, away, or I shall dearly rue
Then in his turn comes gloomy Winter,
A little lower than the chilly sheen
Then thou first-born, and we the giant-race,
With labour's lot from morn to night
The way was short, for Lamia's eagerness
When the boar tusk'd him: so away she flew
Fam'd heroes! had their royal home:
His leg was so tight, and his cheek was so ruddy,
But fairer still my Delia dawns,
As if disjoined by soft-handed slumber,
The scarlet coats that pester human-kind.
And Isabella did not stamp and rave.
"Thus to the dreary mountain-top
Your native soil was right ill-willie;
Night's horrid car drags, dreary, slow:
Which, by degrees, slips round her neck,
I loved the wood, the vale, the stream,
'Tis might half slumb'ring on its own right arm.
All in all he's a problem must puzzle the devil.
"Dear Lord! it has a fiendish look"--
When, for a moment, like a drop of rain,
As down she knelt for heaven's grace and boon;
On gown, an' ban', and douse black bonnet,
"Ah! impious mortal, whither do I roam?"
Before the door had given her to his eyes;
My foes be strang, and friends be slack,
As they would even get them all and more.
Bowing her head, and ready to expire:
Ye then was trottin wi' your minnie:
We may be wise, or rich, or great,
On sloping mounds, or in the vale beneath,
With reverence would we speak of all the sages
Or emptied some dull opiate to the drains
The decorated car appears--on high
And, ample as the largest winding-sheet,
They're sae accustom'd wi' the sight,
By noble winged creatures he hath made?
He could not bear it--shut his eyes in vain;
The wretch on his pallet should turn,
With grateful pride we own your many favours,
An' now, auld Cloots, I ken ye're thinkin,
Justice is sworn 'gainst tears, and hers would crave
A great man's smile, ye ken fu' well,
Nor make one scanty pleasures less,
"And last (the sum of a' my griefs!)
And when she left, she hurried back, as swift
Young Calidore is paddling o'er the lake;
And grasp'd his fingers in her palsied hand,
Why should our young Endymion pine away!
So dawning day has brought relief--
From the gilded spontoon to the fife I was ready,
The hyæna and the jackal in their shade;
Of deities or mortals, or of both,
Of men who never felt the sacred glow
And one hand rubs his old night-cap.
Of every blossom that the meadow brings,
"_In the wide sea there lives a forlorn wretch,
Ye godly Brethren o' the sacred gown,
I'm turn'd a gauger--Peace be here!
Thus went that beautiful multitude, nor far,
And crosses o'er the sultry line;
Than if I'd brought to light a hidden treasure.
"Do this; how can we give to you,"
These raven horses, though they foster'd are
And clap the dogs and take him to the town,
That through the dimness of their twilight show
Is this the power in freedom's war,
While simple melody pour'd moving on the heart.
To rest the weary and to soothe the sad,
And silent, as we stand in thoughts too deep:--
The fickle reek of popular breath,  the tongue
To hunt those very pooty shells in spring.
And as I grew in years, still didst thou blend
For fear, by foes, that they should lose
All the green leaves that round the window clamber,
I dinna envy him the gains he can win;
To laughing life, with her redundant Horn.
Opened the sheet to gaze upon the name
The red-breast sings from the tall larch
"I'll to the wood."--The word scarce said,
Thus loaded with a feast the tables stood,
"It's e'en a lang, lang time indeed
He cursed thee and thine, both house and land:
Some coarser substance, unrefin'd,
O wha will tell me how to ca't?
And the most patient brilliance of the moon!
The evening weather was so bright, and clear,
Ah, gentle dames! it gars me greet,
Makes countless thousands mourn!
His side is hung a seal and sable scroll,
Now I have tasted her sweet soul to the core
"You say that two at Conway dwell,
That leaves a heart high-sorrowful and cloy'd,
But still their flame was fierceness, and drew on
He died, this seat his only monument.
A dewy flower, oft would that hand appear,
Her naked limbs among the alders green;
Which, when it ceases in this mountain'd world,
This day's propitious to be wise in.
Johnny perhaps his horse forsook,
Not so the idle muses' mad-cap train,
To picture out the quaint, and curious bending
Such is the fate of artless maid,
So it will pleasure thee, and force thee stop
But weep, and weep, that they were born so fair?
Just much about it wi' your scanty sense;
With honors; nor had any other care
Thou seest it for my happiness, no pearl
For the foul thief is just at your gate.
Thine is the self-approving glow,
As thus she quick-voic'd spake, yet full of awe.
In frolic mood among the merry hours
So I, for my lost darling's sake,
Or word, or look, or action of despair.
The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
"Why William, on that old grey stone,
"Fool! Fool!" repeated he, while his eyes still
The unfettered sun takes his unbounded reign
They'll hae me wed a wealthy coof,
I'll smile no more, Peona; nor will wed
Helpless as sailor cast on desart rock;
Nought but thy ashes shall expire;
Which props the hanging wall of the old chapel?
And minstrel memories of times gone by.
For it came more softly than the east could blow
To sing for thee; low creeping strawberries
Still o'er the field the combat burns,
The vera topmost, tow'ring height
At a touch sweet Pleasure melteth,
Didst thou not after other climates call,
We check for chow shall jog thegither,
Wi' sighs and sobs she thus began
Disguised, as if of mortal folk afraid,
and ned the woodman every week comes in
The ploughman laughed and would have ploughed him in
She's fresh as the morning, the fairest in May;
Of thoughts which were not their thoughts, and still could,
Thy bridal's fruit is ashes : in the dust
There woos no home, nor hope, nor life, save what is here.
Happy, thou Indian grove, I'll say,
I set me down and greet my fill,
How rich the wave, in front, imprest
Died palsy-twitch'd, with meagre face deform;
For few sic feasts ye've gotten;
Look on the hands with female slaughter red;
Witness my heart, how oft with panting fear,
Where rose the mountains, there to him were friends;
While by their nose the tears will revel,
Lifted his curved lids, and kept them wide
And viewed, but not displeased, the revelrie,
Fondling and kissing every doubt away;
To peace so perfect, that the young behold
Ere my poor soul such deep damnation stain,
No, no! this is far off:--then how shall I
There in that forest did his great love cease;
Sae far I sprachled up the brae,
Of human hearts: for lo! I see afar,
What then I was. The sounding cataract
And fresh from the clear brook; sweetly they slept
Or the seven stars to light you,
Oft may be found a "singleness of aim,"
And knock'd the groaning vowel to the ground!
Even for common bulk, those olden three,
War, war is still the cry, "War even to the knife!"
Ah! how unlike those late terrific sleeps!
Leave the dinn'd air vibrating silverly.
"And what's the creeping breeze that comes
With all its pomp of hurried flight,
A firmament reflected in a sea;
Mothers and wives! who day by day prepare
And many to the steep of Highgate hie.
Or frae puir man a blessin' wan,
Shall be my pray'r when far awa'.
And there stood the blacksmith awaiting a drop
As doth eternity: Cold Pastoral!
That can, with studied, sly, ensnaring art,
Just opposite, an island of the sea,
My life away like a vast sponge of fate,
Then Rockingham took up the game,
And joyance! 'Tis the merry Nightingale
That name should he scoffingly slight it.
Whare wilt thou cower thy chittering wing,
Of all his rebel tempests. Dark clouds faint
Heaves calmly its broad swelling smoothiness o'er
I shrink from what is suffered: let him speak
The sunken glen, whose sunless shrubs must weep,
That should you close your eyes, you might almost
Of weary life a moment lave it clean
Too much, to conquer for the Poet's sake,
Where nothing polished dares pollute her path:
And, slowly as that very river flows,
Commandment tenth remember'd.--
If that corrupted thing could ever such be taught.
The deil a ane wad spier your price,
But now, what else for me remains
But he was phrensied by disease or woe,
And ere he led her into ruin's way,
So on a pleasant morning, as he leant
Ladies, would it not be strange,
I became loth and fearful to alight
Love woos her in the summer wind,
But all unconscious of the coming doom,
And vow'd that to leave them he was quite forlorn,
For dainty toying. Cupid, empire-sure,
In air with Earth's chief structures, though their frame
Let husky wheat the haughs adorn,
It will not bear the brightness of the day,
In tranced dulness; speak, and let that spell
Into those holy groves, that silent are
Yet coin his pouches wad na bide in;
And dish them out their bill o' fare,
Farewell to poesy--and leave the will;
A gaudsman ane, a thrasher t'other.
Sad sign of ruin, sudden dismay, and fall!
Instructed that true knowledge leads to love,
I cannot tell; but some will say
No melody was like a passing spright
Ink-spotted-over shells of greeny blue;
I should have known what fruit would spring from such a seed.
In bright succession raise, her ornament and guard!
Harmonious concert rung in every part,
"My patriot falls, but shall he lie unsung,
My sweet bride withers at their potency."
Bespeaks the pageant of their splendid trust;
How selfish Sorrow ponders on the past,
But tho' his little heart did grieve
The very house she lived in, stick and stone,
Her voice is like the ev'ning thrush
The parasite empoisoning her ear.
The dripping of the oar suspended!
The immortal Exile;--Arqua, too, her store
By peril, dreaded most in female eyes;
O monstrous forms! O effigies of pain!
Because it cooeth, and hath snowy wings
What it might mean. Perhaps, thought I, Morpheus,
Tracing fantastic figures with his spear?
'Tis but a worthless world to win or lose;
His breast and beak against his wiry dome
"Perhaps he's gone along the dell,
Syne, weave, unseen, thy spider snare
The torturing, gnawing consciousness of guilt,--
With plume, tiara, and all rich array,
Had swollen and green'd the pious charactery,
Of the empyrean I have drunk my fill.
Yet, meet him where you will, you see
Until he found a palpitating snake,
Where step by step the patient lonely boy
As streams their channels deeper wear.
And tips auld drunken Nanse the wink'
By turns in soaring heav'n or vaulted hell
She looks a sea Cybele,  fresh from Ocean,
And ay my heart came to my mou'
She winna come hame to her ain Jock Rab.
Haste, gie her name up i' the chapel,
Have I been able to endure that voice?
And the toper who carried his house on his head,
We part--but, by these precious drops
Firm as my creed, Sirs, 'tis my fix'd belief,
O plight me your faith, my Mary,
And Freedom's heart, grown heavy, cease to hoard
"If two are in the church-yard laid,
And e'en a vex'd and angry heart had he!
But in the Garden-bower the Bride
To help her parents dear, if they in hardship be.
A thousand years of silenced factions sleep--
The present there is still for eye and thought,
The sharp, the rapier-pointed epigram?
By one soft impulse saved from vacancy.
Their sighin' cantin' grace-proud faces,
Who knows not, knows not man's divinest lore:
Whene'er to drink you are inclin'd,
First shewing us the tempting ware,
I bleed withal; and, had it been conferred
Thou other man of care, the wretch in love,
So from it ravish'd, leaves it bleak and bare.
The little homeless miners--O it turns my bosom chill
"Or him that wicked pony's carried
"If heaven a draught of heavenly pleasure spare,
Lycius to all made eloquent reply,
Sae loud and shill I hear the blast,
Reflected in the slabbed steps below,
And if it please thee, Heavenly Guide,
Of hearts and lips! Ah, miserable me!"
My helpless lambs, I trust them wi' him.
The moon it shines fu' clearly.
"Consider, Johnny's but half-wise;
On this poor being all depends,
That lagging barks may make their lazy way.
We'll talk about--no more of dreaming.--Now,
An' no get warmly on your feet,
Wha, wanting thee, might beg or steal;
Thronging to War in splendour and success;
That, ta'en, a worse disorder leave;
That whining boyhood should with reverence bow
If he's amang his friends or foes?
Ill may such contest now the spirit move
We well might drop a tear for him, and Burns.
I've seen me daezt upon a time;
The birds rejoice in leafy bowers,
Across the lawny fields, and pebbly water;
An' brak him out o' house an' hall,
But, oh! for Hogarth's magic pow'r!
By blinded Lycius, so in her comprized.
And in that nook, the very pride of June,
And may those pleasures gild thy reign,
Belong to plain and simpler things,
In every peal she calls--"Awake! arise!"
Of deep sleep in a moment was betray'd.
'Fore which I'll bend, bending, dear love, to thee:
And his was of the bravest, and when showered
With happy heart I then would die,
Bared its eternal bosom, and the dew
Her teeth were like the ivorie;
The whole of music that his village knows,
Upon a fine, fat, fodgel wight,
Of murky buildings; climb with me the steep,--
As any thing most true; as that the year
And now the Matadores  around him play,
And I slink in with shame from the street.
Shall kiss the distant, western main.
Too keen in beauty, for thy silver prow
Quake with the ague chills of fear,
And soon the village brings the woodman's tale
I looked around, I thought I saw
Her witching smile, her pauky een
And for these words, thus woven into song,
When, at a word, the tops are manned on high:
His rosy face besoiled with unwiped tears.--
The silly bogles, wealth and state,
Cherishingly Diana's timorous limbs;--
Earth's brightest gems of innocence repose.
But where repose the all Etruscan three--
At war with all the frailty of grief,
And weep the ae best fellow's fate
His wee drap parritch, or his bread,
O wha will to Saint Stephen's house,
Tambourgi!  Tambourgi! thy 'larum afar
And to his heart he inwardly did pray
They gied me rings and ribbons fine;
'Tis night, when Meditation bids us feel
And drove my team along made of nothing but a name,
Sweet Basil, which her tears kept ever wet.
So threw the goddess off, and won his heart
But like good withers, shore before ye strike.--
The Lover's refuge, and the Lesbian's grave.
Beneath the dark lash of the sweet Jewish Girl.
It seem'd no force could wake him from his place;
Where there is neither sense of life nor joys,
And by mysterious sleights a hundred thirsts appease?
The other cants and acts the hypocrite,
Which looks o'er waves so blue, skies so serene,
Hope and fear's alternate billow
Stern Ruin's ploughshare drives, elate,
When shall I know that sleep again?
A mist arose, as from a scummy marsh.
Nay rack your brain--'tis all in vain,
Which is the tyrant Spirit of our thought,
None else shall take her place.
(To say aught less wad wrang the cartes,
His faded eyes, and saw his kingdom gone,
The corps is no nice of recruits;
Of bleak, gray granite into life it came,
In variegated maze of mount and glen.
Tell how wi' you, on rag weed nags,
And to dark oblivion join thee!"
Not Hesperus: lo! upon his silver wings
Good, and reserved my pride against the hate
Some chain'd in torture, and some wandering.
And Sophists, madly vain of dubious lore;
But truce with kings and truce with constitutions,
Then wait a wee, and cannie wale,
From this gross, detestable, filthy mesh,
On eighteen-pence a week I've liv'd before.
Twas nought to wonder, though begun by guess;
And threw warm gules on Madeline's fair breast,
As is a landscape to a blind man's eye:
My lan' afore's  a gude auld has been,
Who walks nor skips the pasture brook
Sair do I fear that to hope is denied me,
Of an Italian night, where the deep skies assume
Green to the very door; and wreathes of smoke
If envious buckies view wi' sorrow
Of the sky-children; I will give command:
The lady's heart beat quick, and he could see
By Alloway's auld haunted kirk.
The novel scene emboldens new delight,
A dewy balm upon them!--fear no more,
For preaching that three's ane an' twa.
On foams the Bull, but not unscathed he goes;
The fox was howling on the hill,
The poor folk of the sea-country I blest
And by that hieroglyphic bright,
Not in the toils of Glory would ye fret;
We see into the life of things.
Cries coming from the mountain-head,
We had no hope, and no relief could gain.
And elephant, and eagle, and huge jaw
I pray and ponder butt the house,
His early youth, misspent in maddest whim;
Such tears she never shed before;
Give me a golden pen, and let me lean
Though dinna ye be speaking o't;
Then loathed he in his native land to dwell,
And young-eyed Lewdness walks her midnight rounds:
But horrors, portion'd to a giant nerve,
Sin' thou came to the warl asklent,
Than those rose cheeks and those bright eyes.
E'er grew in Paphos, from the bitter weeds
Sing hymns to sunrise, and I drank the sound
That kisses ilka thing it meets.
Upon his fairy journey on he hastes;
To answer; feeling well that breathed words
Ye mossy streams, with sedge and rushes stor'd;
But late she flourish'd, rooted fast,
While winds frae aff Ben-Lomond blaw,
And say thou lo'es me best of a'?
And now, when toil and summer's in its prime,
There lies the book he used to read,
And this district as mine I claim,
And the spreading Lea Close oak, ere decay had penned its will,
That thou shouldst weep, so gifted? Tell me, youth,
Then set him down, and twa or three
The knife that nicket Abel's craig
And pannier'd mules for ducats and old lies--
True as the church clock hand the hour pursues
Peers like the front of Saturn. Who had power
And sair wi' his love he did deave me;
Nae wonder he's as black's the grun,
That shake the elm tree's mossy arms:
Instead of jutting crag, I found
Thy right, and awe the robbers back, who press
Luxurious in her sorrows, soft and new.
Alas! alas! a devilish change indeed.
Content, O fool! to make a cold retreat,
And round Orestes bade them howl and hiss
An' deal't about as thy blind skill
Where, lone guide when a stranger strays,
Of moulted feathers, touchwood, alder chips,
With lofty thoughts, that neither evil tongues,
Then calm your terrors, Betty Foy!
Now Robin lies in his last lair,
And gnats and midges danced the water oer,
Looks o'er proud property, extended wide;
Sweet maiden, wilt thou go with me?
Thou madest Pluto bear thin element;
And now, all full in view, she sees
That it enforc'd me to bid sad farewell
To plough the briny ocean, which soon became my joy--
A barefit maid I chanc'd to meet;
'Tis scar'd away by slow returning pleasure.
But what avails the pride of art,
Soft, plaintive, and melting, for ever will sigh;
O merry hae I been teethin' a heckle,
Such fate to suffering worth is giv'n,
Like pearl beads dropping sudden from their string:
Dimple the brook, and patter in the leaves,
Rich thoughtless health unknown to pain:
Let me sob over thee my last adieus,
Europe, repentant of her parricide,
I heard my neighbours, in their beds, complain
Some rhyme (vain thought!) for needfu' cash:
Nor could I tell the reason why.
Let me write down a line of glorious tone,
That nurse in their bosom the youth o' the Clyde,
By red claymores, and muskets' knell,
Love, jealous grown of so complete a pair,
How long have I liv'd, but how much liv'd in vain!
Yet not entirely; no, thy starry sway
And blithely awaukens the morrow;
The mighty ones who have made eternal day
O think what they endure at sea while safe at home you stay.
In the forest,--and the sodden turfed dell,
Or gather'd lib'ral views in bonds and seisins,
When, glimmering thro' the groaning trees,
Glide gently, thus for ever glide,
And with the balmiest leaves his temples bind;
O sweet are Coila's haughs an' woods,
There, lanely, by the ingle-cheek,
"Oh Doctor! Doctor! where's my Johnny?"
Mourn, little harebells o'er the lea;
That sent the simple heart a-fooling;
Beside the feathery whizzing of the shaft,
He has no son, he has no child,
But oh! respect his lordship's taste,
Yet must I be a coward!--Honour rushes
Farewell to the forests and wild-hanging woods;
The sky hangs oer a broken dream,
Some merry, friendly, countra folks,
Now they can no more hear thy ghittern's tune,
She talked and sung the woods among;
Wrens cock their tails and chitter loud and play,
It may be that they are a harmless wile,--
And make my bed in the Collier's neuk,
Nothing but pain and ugliness were left.
And O, her een, they spak sic things!
Cried Betty, "Tell us Johnny, do,
Her fair eyes looking through her locks auburne.
All colours that were ever seen,
The kettle o' the kirk and state,
The rabbit had not where to make his den
They were gigantic minds, and their steep aim
O let me think we yet shall meet!
Bent his soul fiercely like a spiritual bow,
Fair Florence found, in sooth with some amaze,
When a dread waterspout had rear'd aloft
Again thou say'st, "Ye sons of men,
The Adonian feast; whereof she saw no more,
And a large flint-stone weighs upon my feet;
These bleed afresh, those ties I tear,
Myself in poesy; so I may do the deed
_That_ love was pure--and, far above disguise,
An' that there is I've little swither
From fifty censers their light voyage took
On its bank at "clink and bandy," "chock" and "taw" and "ducking stone,"
If it went not to solemnize thy reign.
The Revel of the earth--the Masque of Italy!
Would at high Jove's empyreal footstool win
By the distracted waters, bears serene
Come, we will rest on this old mossy Bridge!
She was a Goddess of the infant world;
Tambourgi! thy 'larum gives promise of War.
They guarded silence, when Oceanus
The fient a tail she had to shake!
And tyrannizing was the lady's look,
She scarcely heard: her maiden eyes divine,
One hour doth linger weeping, for the pierce
Swore lies as proofs, and prophesied her fall.
Feeding from her white fingers, on the wind
That, like th' old Hebrew walking-switch, eats up its neighbours;
Would be too short for him to utter forth
And throw on poverty his cruel eyes;
Which is his last--if in your memories dwell
His feck it is white as the new-driven snaw;
Thy thoughts until thy mind hath got by heart
And bid him come at four o'clock,
With heavy tufts of moss, that strive
Into a river, clear, brimful, and flush
To the most hateful seeing of itself.
Folk thought them ruin'd stick-an'-stowe,
He found in wonder-works of God and Nature's hand.
And their calm dwellers little known
Of osiers drooping by the water-side,
The Sun in human limbs arrayed, and brow
And winnow from the coming step of time
Conquer all mysteries by rule and line,
Or drop a seed, till thou wast wide awake;
Young virgins might have visions of delight,
He's sin gat Eppie Sim wi' wean,
Should recognise my Master dear,
When from the slope side of a suburb hill,
My fathers have fallen to right it;
To whom our moderns are but causey-cleaners:
On soft Adonis' shoulders, made him still
God of warm pulses, and dishevell'd hair,
And so remain'd as he a corpse had been
Condemn'd to drag a hopeless chain,
My daddie sign'd my tocher-band,
Where the white hemlock with white umbel flowers
And when we sought our cows, I called, "Come mull!"
Sprinkled with stars, like Ariadne's tiar:
But ance, whan in my wooing pride,
And shall I see thee made a serpent's prey?"
True--they may lay your proud despoilers low,
Thus once to Jove his prayer preferr'd,--
Breathed most in ridicule,--which, as the wind,
The little early buttercups unfold
Dear unseen light in darkness! eclipser
Before their eyes began to stir;
But, cursed lot! the gates were shut;
I heard a man sing, though his head it was gray;
Till, checking his love trance, a cup he took
Dancing upon the waves, as if to please
An' damn'd my fortune to the groat;
She weeps alone for pleasures not to be;
My pleugh is now thy bairntime a';
Tied to dead thistles--she doth well provide,
In dull November, and their chancel vault,
The day he stude his country's friend,
When that grim foe of life below,
And all whereat the generous soul revolts,
For this my love: for vexing Mars had teaz'd
Hear how he clears the points o' faith
Can Love or Sorrow, Fame, Ambition, Strife,
And weep? Or did ye wholly bid adieu
When I tried to speak to her I'd nothing to say,
Then while thro' drouth all dumb they stood
My fondly-treasur'd thoughts employ'd,
The seventh day this--the Jubilee of man!
O Scotia! my dear, my native soil!
Of happiness, from fairy-press ooz'd out.
I'll prove it from Euclid as clear as the sun:
My heart's in the Highlands, my heart is not here;
But honest Nature is not quite a Turk,
And an it were a Christian Soul,
With hectic light, the Hesperus of the dead,
Creations and destroyings, all at once
He has nae luve to spare for me:
There Learning, with his eagle eyes,
And they ha'e sworn a solemn oath
Arise! awake! Clear summer has forth walk'd
Of thy wide heaven--Should I rather kneel
And far unfit for such a child as she;
Here was the camp, the watch-flame, and the host,
Her self-possession--swung the lute aside,
New growth about each shell and pendent lyre;
Where these all grew, now henbane stinks and spreads,
Lull'd with its simple song his fluttering breast.
For nothing but a dream?" Hereat the youth
My heart's in the Highlands a-chasing the deer;
The Poet wept at her so piteous fate,
Of sudden voices, echoing, "Come! come!
That sweetens a' their fire-side;
With no more awe than what her beauty gave,
Where tiny thieves not destin'd yet to swing,
And gave me food, and rest, more welcome, more desired.
And conscious Reason whispered to despise
And tent the waving corn wi' me.
'Tis rakish art in Rob Mossgiel.
He would return that way, as well she knew,
And in that country coals are dear,
Nay, been bitch-fou' 'mang godly priests,
Tis May; and yet the March flower Dandelion
With thunder, and with music, and with pomp:
Than these and all beside I see
He passed the sacred Haram's silent tower,
"What more there is to do, young man, is thine:
Hid in the mossy grass, bonny Mary O!
They sin who say in slander's breath
Oft sentimental and with saddened vein
Your critic-folk may cock their nose,
With lordly honour's lofty brow,
Though classic ground and consecrated most,
Of this much lov'd, much honour'd name!
Spairges about the brunstane cootie,
Amidst no common pomp the Despot sate,
Forsook his former city, what could be,
As secret as the wild bee's song
That his frail bonds to fleeting life are broke?
The spirit that pushed him on before.
Her ancient weed was russet gray,
Or chain the soul in speechless pleasure,
Amid their cumbrous, dinsome joys,
No heart was there in Florence but did mourn
Of summer and the pleasant place
Syne, whip! his tail ye'll ne'er cast saut on--
Nor trees nor bush about it grows
Make haste, your morning task resign;
Thy tempting lips, thy roguish een--
Thou first and last of Fields! king-making Victory?
Roaming about on rapture's easy wing
And thou, my last, best, only friend,
She fled ere I could groan for mercy. Stung
She kiss'd it with a lip more chill than stone,
Where all that beauty snar'd me."--"Cruel god,
To seek the hedge of Harry Gill.
'Tis dark: the iced gusts still rave and beat:
Should be to public justice brought;
With sudden scrutiny and gloomless eyes,
By my soul I'll dance a dance with you, Dumourier.
From vallies where the pipe is never dumb;
My little boy of flesh and blood;
While, in my face, the freshest breeze I caught.
Like shadows on the summer-grass,
So plenteously all weed-hidden roots
Happy at heart, when storms begin to boil,
And close beside this aged thorn,
Still crowding thoughts, a pensive train,
Am I not cruelly wrong'd? Believe, believe
Sat guzzling wi' a tinkler hizzie;
His armour was so dexterously wrought
If it were heaven's will, on our sad fate."
May twin auld Scotland o' a life
Cold-pausing Caution's lesson scorning,
Or hops the flavour of thy wit,
An' in my house at hame to greet you;
Above the lintel of their chamber door,
To each poor brother who offends against us--
Or young Apollo on the pedestal:
Hung at my breasts, and pulled at me.
Beyond the matron-temple of Latona,
Thus much alone we know--Metella died,
From far to meet me came, spreading their snowy pride.
And clumps of woodbine taking the soft wind
An honest pride--and let it be their praise,
They throw their sticks and kick and run away.
And, what I took more odd than all the rest,
Let Prudence bless enjoyment's cup,
Worlds rushing into judgment all the year.
Fine Architecture, trowth, I needs must say't o't!
The lowly train in life's sequester'd scene;
By Coblentz, on a rise of gentle ground,
My story's long, but time's in plenty yet,
Of cotton drab her gown was made,
And mony a guilt-bespotted lad;
His cheeks were red as ruddy clover,
Our idle sheep. So be thou cheered sweet,
An' he paidles late an' early, O!
He should soon get an order for shoes from the queen.
And but the flitter-winged verse must tell,
That happiness vain man's denied to know,
That, faith, the youngsters took the sands
With a glorious bottle that ended my cares.
Crowded places, I shunned them as noises too rude
When buts of wine are drunk off to the lees?
There's nought so dear in heaven above,
The simmer lilies bloom in snaw,
Roll the barbarian tide, and sue to be forgiven.
By slumber, on one pillow, in the dust,
For some o' you ha'e tint a frien';
The craik amang the clover hay,
O, Thou, whose very self art love!
That toiling years would put within my grasp,
When the leaves they were green,
Of soil supports them 'gainst the Alpine shocks
Of all the secrets of some wond'rous thing
In sooth, it was no vulgar sight to see
In pity of the shatter'd infant buds,--
An' pou't, for want o' better shift,
His Country's Saviour,  mark him well!
O sweet, to stray an' pensive ponder
Jumping travellers, they proceed:
Tho' they seem fair, still have a care,
Fain would I say, "Forgive my foul offence!"
Lone wand'ring by the hermit's mossy cell:
I follow'd him, and said, "My friend
While all kept on singing and drinking together.
How bright, how solemn, how serene!
It is the hush of night, and all between
With all the things that they can win
And they'll gae bigg Terreagle's towers,
Nor florid prose, nor honied lies of rhyme,
Rang loud through the meadow and wood.
Until the gods through heaven's blue look out!--
Me, mem'ry of my loss will only meet.
Besides, there, nightly, with terrific glare
As thy day grows warm and high,
Howl thro' the dwelling o' the Clerk!
The seed its harvest, or the lute its tones,
Foregone the home delight of constant truth,
What gallant War-hounds rouse them from their lair,
The wounded coveys, reeling, scatter wide;
His laugh at nature's holy countenance,
His fainting recollections. Now indeed
What sort o' life poor dogs like you have;
In souple scones, the wale o' food!
They cried, "what to the poor is due?"
Ambition steeled thee on too far to show
Push along, said the toper, the cellar's adry:
Thou know'st, the virtues cannot hate thee worse,
Rein in the swelling of his ample might?
But may, dear maid, each lover prove
If ever he rise, it will be to be damn'd.
And sceptre of this kingdom!" Venus said,
Shut up your senses, stifle up your ears,
And many a verse from so strange influence
O thou my elder brother in misfortune,
With those who made our mortal labours light!
And sundry legends to the stranger tell:
A clapper-tongue wad deave a miller:
And from the heart up-springs, rejoice! rejoice!
Where rolled the ocean, thereon was his home;
The upright is Chance, and old Time is the base;
Poor hav'rel Will fell aff the drift,
I will meet thee there at e'en, bonny lassie O!
Fain promise never more to disobey;
Before the Chastener humbly let me bow,
With a woodbine peeping in, and the roses like thy skin
Beauteous rose-bud, young and gay,
Amidst the grove that crowns yon tufted hill,
And of dukes that you dined with yestreen?
And shook it on his hair; another flew
Tho' raging winter rent the air;
And my fause luver staw the rose,
Went forward with the Carian side by side:
Abuse o' Magistrates might weel be spar'd:
There lived a carle on Kellyburn braes,
O my dear Mother! this strange man has left me
At once, with rash disdain he turned away,
Sweet fruit o' mony a merry dint,
I watched her secret toils from day to day--
Watches, like baudrons by a rattan,
To leave the flagging spirit doubly weak;
Yet over the steep, whence the mountain stream rushes,
Which undone, these our latter days had risen
And her two eyes, like stars in skies,
Be rather in the trumpet's mouth,--anon
And then another, sheltered from the wind,
He could not die when trees were green,
What beauties doth Lisboa  first unfold!
Or find a shelt'ring safe retreat
To hear the news and tell the news she knows;
The song or tale an hour's restraint relieves.
And the crashed relics of their vanished might.
That grows the cowslip braes between,
Silently paced about, and as she went,
Still undivided, and cemented more
Wha mak the whiskey stells their prize!
By the lamp's dismal twilight! So he lies
She writh'd about, convuls'd with scarlet pain:
And I must pierce them, and survey whate'er
That thou wouldst spout a little streamlet o'er
And they who feel for Genius may repose
The blue sky here, and there, serenely peeping
The wandering outlaw of his own dark mind;
That fights for all, but ever fights in vain,
But still its leaves are green;
The lyre of his soul Eolian tun'd
Whilst I, a hope-abandon'd wight,
An' if thou be what I wad hae thee,
All courts and passages, where silence dead
At me, thy poor earth-born companion,
Hearing the tidings of the fatal blow
About a young bird's flutter from a wood,
And be the key-holes eer so high,
As when of healthful midnight sleep bereft,
Fixed Passion holds his breath, until the hour
When the coeval pride of human hands,
Tho' this was fair, and that was braw,
But brave Caledonia's the hypothenuse;
Her darling bird that she lo'es best,
Ah, happy chance! the aged creature came,
Mixed on the bleeding stream, by floating hosts oppressed.
But lately seen in gladsome green,
And marvel men should quit their easy chair,
And pale enchantment held her sleepy-eyed.
The hero of these artless strains,
'Tis said, at times the sullen tear would start,
Father will laugh but lets her have her way
And there to pluck the blackberry, and there to reach the sloe,
All earthly pleasure, all imagin'd good,
To mellow into words, and then there ran
And list to the tale of the wreath, and the chain,
But whose intention was to wive with none.
To wheel the equal, dull routine.
While Scotia, with exulting tear,
In the pain of my spirit I said,
For both, for both my love is so immense,
She unobserved steals unto her throne,
The stranger, slave, or savage; their decay
Torture and Time, and breathe when I expire;
And dream those happy dreams again?
And rest ye at "Our Lady's house of Woe;"
No fallen angel, hurl'd from upper skies;
Hark, to the Boatswain's call, the cheering cry!
And I should rage, if spirits could go mad;
The chief on Sark  who glorious fell,
Were lingering in the heavens, while the thrush
As underneath their fragrant shade
How Abram was the friend of God on high;
That name! that well-worn name, and all his own,
At this, through all his bulk an agony
Her grandsire, old Odin, triumphantly swore
Of fearing dame who hears the noise in dread
'Tis on the stroke--"If Johnny's near,"
To vent thy bosom's swelling rise
Which streams too much on all--years--man--have reft away.
This quiet sail is as a noiseless wing
And feed deep, deep upon her peerless eyes.
Red, brown, and yellow, russet, black, and dun;
Didst find a lyre all golden by thy side,
To listen and think of love. Still let me speak;
With my land's language: if too fond and far
Their bauldest thought's a' hank'ring swither
O glorious magnanimity of soul!
To a wide lawn, whence one could only see
Dim with the mist of years, gray flits the shade of power.
She comes, she comes again, like ring-dove fray'd and fled.
These things are doubtless: yet in truth we've had
Some o' you nicely ken the laws,
Next, on a dolphin, clad in laurel boughs,
Of feather'd Indian darts about, as through
Wha now will keep you frae the fox,
I'll follow you across the snow,
It wants, to me, the witching grace,
These are the books he reads and reads again
Follow'd his steps, and her neck regal white
What valley echoed the response of Jove?
But he'll sair them, as he sair'd the King,
Here lie Willie Michie's banes;
Thee, aith-detesting, chaste Kilkerran;
But this is Gentry's life in common.
And, the moment I got out of bed,
Fair Cadiz, rising o'er the dark blue sea!
O, could I give thee India's wealth,
That gird the gulf around, in pitiless horror set,
Starts from his shielding clod,
The late Lord Velez ne'er was wearied with him.
O wha wad leave this humble state,
He shall not die. Moreover, and in chief,_
She led him, like some midnight spirit nurse
Adieu, sweet love, adieu!"--As shot stars fall,
Would each be sitting on some fellow's knee,
Thou wast the river--thou wast glory won;
In midst of this dethronement horrible.
When mushrooms they were fairy bowers,
While I here idle listen on the shores
Over these hills and vales, where no joy is,--
By far my elder brother in the muses,
To go aboard a ship through love, and plough the ocean wide.
Frae tap to tae that cleeds me bien,
Some seem'd to muse, some seem'd to dare,
Yet Mafra shall one moment claim delay,
In politics if thou would'st mix,
In my bower if you should stay?
Gazed on their mightier Parents, where the pine
To dart at every thing that flies.
Can see all round upon the calmed vast,
And sing above this gentle pair, like lark
And there are knaves that brawl for better laws
Long shall thine annals and immortal tongue
"Fair Hermes, crown'd with feathers, fluttering light,
While the star of hope she leaves him?
Around my grave they'll wither.
To what high fane?--Ah! see her hovering feet,
Thro' a' the streets an' neuks o' Killie,
Ere yet the sun unveils his smiles to view
For thou art weak to sing such tumults dire:
Deil blin' them wi' the stoure o't;
He held his hands for daisies white,
And timely echoed back the measured oar,
So stedfastly, that the new denizen
I thought of Kilve's delightful shore,
Hyperion slid into the rustled air,
The face of Poesy: from off her throne
Laughing at the clear stream and setting sun,
Still o'er these scenes my mem'ry wakes,
And yet she answer'd not, only complain'd,
(The second sight, ye ken, is given
The white thorn white as sheets;
And just as lamely can ye mark,
The roof of awful richness, nectarous cheer,
An Earthquake's spoil is sepulchred below!
Of a' the airts the wind can blaw,
I must be near the middle of my story.
His healthful spirit eager and awake
Than the light music of her nimble toes
To sway their floating morris. "Whose is this?
I love thee, Mary dearly love--
Ask ye, Boeotian Shades! the reason why?
When my weak voice shall whisper its last prayer,
That breathes about us in the vacant air;
When move in a sweet body fit for life,
Are shadows painted for sublime;
Hardy clowns! grudge not the wheat
To stop his starting cows that dread the fly;
Thou know'st the deepness of his misery.
(Oh, that such hills upheld a freeborn race!)
And wish'd that Parnassus a vineyard had been.
What ye'll ne'er ha'e to gie again.
