Give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.
One, gentlewoman, that God hath made for himself to mar.
Is Rosaline, whom thou didst love so dear, So soon forsaken?
O God, I have an ill-divining soul.
Which way?
Tis all one.
Tybalt, the reason that I have to love thee Doth much excuse the appertaining rage To such a greeting.
But if you do, sir, I am for you.
Go, sirrah, trudge about Through fair Verona.
this do I drink to thee. 
Say thou but ‘I,’ And that bare vowel ‘I’ shall poison more Than the death-darting eye of cockatrice.
No money, on my faith, but the gleek.
What, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?
The law, that threat'ned death, becomes thy friend And turns it to exile.
Talk not to me, for I’ll not speak a word.
What day is this?
Nay, good goose, bite not!
I will then give it you soundly.
Twould anger him To raise a spirit in his mistress’ circle Of some strange nature, letting it there stand Till she had laid it and conjur'd it down.
Now God in heaven bless thee!
What says he of our marriage?
Then have at thee, boy!
O, be gone!
Her eye discourses.
Do not answer me.
Thou know’st the mask of night is on my face, Else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek For that which thou hast heard me speak tonight.
Your looks are pale and wild, and do import Some misadventure.
Her body sleeps in Capels’ monument, And her immortal part with angels lives.
What should it be, that they so shriek abroad?
Romeo, come forth; come forth, thou fearful man.
Need you my help?
Be not her maid, since she is envious.
Come, let's away; the strangers all are gone. 
Thursday is near.
Which way ran he that killed Mercutio?
Dove-feather'd raven!
I will bring you thither.
Have you importuned him by any means?
Dead art thou, dead!
Some word there was, worser than Tybalt's death, That murdered me.
O lamentable day!
Sirrah, go hire me twenty cunning cooks.
O flesh, flesh, how art thou fishified!
O Romeo, Romeo!
Thus with a kiss I die.
My fan, Peter.
Despised substance of divinest show!
That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.
Out, you baggage!
What, are you busy, ho?
Whistle then to me, As signal that thou hear'st something approach.
And then, I hope, thou wilt be satisfied.
Hark you, sir.
the punto reverso!
Marry, bachelor, Her mother is the lady of the house.
Have at thee, coward!
How long is it now To Lammastide?
Nay, if our wits run the wild-goose chase, I am done, for thou hast more of the wild-goose in one of thy wits than, I am sure, I have in my whole five.
I would have made it short, for I was come to the whole depth of my tale, and meant, indeed, to occupy the argument no longer.
This dagger hath mista'en, for, lo, his house Is empty on the back of Montague, And it missheathed in my daughter's bosom!
Tis late.
Where’s Potpan, that he helps not to take away?
I'll send to one in Mantua, Where that same banish'd runagate doth live, Shall give him such an unaccustom'd dram That he shall soon keep Tybalt company; And then I hope thou wilt be satisfied.
What, still in tears, Evermore showering?
O happy dagger, This is thy sheath.
You’ll not endure him!
I'll call them back again to comfort me.
With another, for tying his new shoes with old ribbon?
Wherefore storm you so?
I am peppered, I warrant, for this world.
I stretch it out for that word “broad,” which, added to the goose, proves thee far and wide a broad goose.
But now, my lord, what say you to my suit?
And so did I.
Content thee, gentle coz, let him alone.
But all so soon as the all-cheering sun Should in the farthest east begin to draw The shady curtains from Aurora’s bed, Away from light steals home my heavy son,
That book in many's eyes doth share the glory, That in gold clasps locks in the golden story; So shall you share all that he doth possess, By having him making yourself no less.
Why, is not this better now than groaning for love?
Rest you merry!
I have forgot why I did call thee back.
A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
Is it good-den?
Anon.
Give me, give me!
Look you, she loved her kinsman Tybalt dearly, And so did I.
Tis torture, and not mercy.
I am sped.
But wherefore, villain, didst thou kill my cousin?
Come, gentle night; come, loving, black-brow'd night; Give me my Romeo; and, when he shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night And pay no worship to the garish sun.
I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well.
She that makes dainty, She, I'll swear, hath corns.
Not Romeo, Prince; he was Mercutio's friend; His fault concludes but what the law should end, The life of Tybalt.
Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy Be heaped like mine, and that thy skill be more To blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath This neighbor air, and let rich music’s tongue Unfold the imagined happiness that both Receive in either by this dear encounter.
Now old desire doth in his deathbed lie, And young affection gapes to be his heir; That fair for which love groan'd for and would die, With tender Juliet match'd, is now not fair.
Any man that can write may answer a letter.
Here’s goodly gear.
Dost thou not laugh?
So will ye, I am sure, that you love me.
Bliss be upon you!
Then I’ll be brief.
I must hear from thee every day in the hour, For in a minute there are many days.
I’ll be with thee straight.
Tut, I have lost myself.
The citizens are up, and Tybalt slain.
Go thy ways, wench.
This torture should be roar'd in dismal hell.
Thou, wretched boy, that didst consort him here Shalt with him hence.
A greater power than we can contradict Hath thwarted our intents.
I'll find out your man, And he shall signify from time to time Every good hap to you that chances here.
I aim'd so near when I suppos'd you lov'd.
Fain would I dwell on form, fain, fain deny What I have spoke; but farewell complement!
Why, uncle, 'tis a shame.
Proud can I never be of what I hate, But thankful even for hate that is meant love.
Why I descend into this bed of death Is partly to behold my lady's face, But chiefly to take thence from her dead finger A precious ring—a ring that I must use In dear employment.
Such comfort as do lusty young men feel When well-apparell'd April on the heel Of limping Winter treads, even such delight Among fresh female buds shall you this night Inherit at my house.
Thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for the goose.
Tis now near night.
And, to sink in it, should you burden love— Too great oppression for a tender thing.
O simple!
Thy Juliet is alive, For whose dear sake thou wast but lately dead— There art thou happy.
Oh, that she knew she were!
Her vestal livery is but sick and green, And none but fools do wear it.
But, as I said, On Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen.
Doth not she think me an old murderer, Now I have stain'd the childhood of our joy With blood remov'd but little from her own?
Spakest thou of Juliet?
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help, Do thou but call my resolution wise, And with this knife I’ll help it presently.
You say you do not know the lady’s mind.
Romeo slew him; he slew Mercutio.
So Romeo would, were he not Romeo call'd, Retain that dear perfection which he owes Without that title.
O brother Montague, give me thy hand.
Whence come you?
He bears him like a portly gentleman, And, to say truth, Verona brags of him To be a virtuous and well-govern'd youth.
O, here Will I set up my everlasting rest And shake the yoke of inauspicious stars From this world-wearied flesh.
O, much I fear some ill unlucky thing.
Where I have learnt me to repent the sin Of disobedient opposition To you and your behests, and am enjoin'd By holy Laurence to fall prostrate here To beg your pardon.
I will carry no crotchets.
Tis no less, I tell ye; for the bawdy hand of the dial is now upon the prick of noon.
What, lamb!
Thou wouldst else have made thy tale large.
turn thy back and run?
I drink to thee.
I would I were thy bird.
take me with you, take me with you, wife.
Will you go to them?
Then weep no more.
God ye good-den, fair gentlewoman.
A cup, clos'd in my true love's hand?
What is it else?
Thou dost not mark me.
Hold, there is forty ducats.
Look, love, what envious streaks Do lace the severing clouds in yonder East.
My child, my only life, Revive, look up, or I will die with thee!— Help, help!
O gentle Romeo, If thou dost love, pronounce it faithfully.
If that thy bent of love be honourable, Thy purpose marriage, send me word to-morrow, By one that I'll procure to come to thee, Where and what time thou wilt perform the rite; And all my fortunes at thy foot I'll lay And follow thee my lord throughout the world.
Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel.
Forswear it, sight!
What are they, beseech your ladyship?
Thou art not conquered.
Have you got leave to go to shrift today?
A sail, a sail!
I will omit no opportunity That may convey my greetings, love, to thee.
Now, by the stock and honour of my kin, To strike him dead I hold it not a sin.
when ’twas a little prating thing.—Oh, there is a nobleman in town, one Paris, that would fain lay knife aboard, but she, good soul, had as lief see a toad, a very toad, as see him.
Now God in heaven bless thee!
Hence, and stand aloof.
Tybalt, my cousin!
Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
I pay thy poverty and not thy will.
Be merciful, say “death,” For exile hath more terror in his look, Much more than death.
Alas, poor Romeo!
So tedious is this day As is the night before some festival To an impatient child that hath new robes And may not wear them.
I thought all for the best.
Yet put it out, for I would not be seen.
I shall forget, to have thee still stand there, Remembering how I love thy company.
Tis all one.
Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail, Ties up my tongue and will not let me speak.
Here were the servants of your adversary, And yours, close fighting ere I did approach.
Alack the day!
My lord, I would that Thursday were tomorrow.
God mark thee to his grace!
Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while, Till we can clear these ambiguities And know their spring, their head, their true descent, And then will I be general of your woes, And lead you even to death.
I will hence tonight.
Conceit, more rich in matter than in words, Brags of his substance, not of ornament.
Get me ink and paper, And hire post horses.
I hear some noise within.
Dove-feathered raven, wolvish-ravening lamb!
Even or odd, of all days in the year, Come Lammas Eve at night shall she be fourteen.
Why, Romeo, art thou mad?
I would the fool were married to her grave!
And for that offence Immediately we do exile him hence.
These times of woe afford no tune to woo.
By Jesu, a very good blade!
Out, you green sickness, carrion!
By my holy order, I thought thy disposition better temper'd.
And when I shall die, Take him and cut him out in little stars, And he will make the face of heaven so fine That all the world will be in love with night And pay no worship to the garish sun.
O comfortable Friar!
Sirrah, what made your master in this place?
Will you pluck your sword out of his pitcher by the ears?
She's dead, deceas'd; she's dead!
Indeed, I should have asked thee that before.
And she as much in love, her means much less To meet her new beloved anywhere.
The grey-ey'd morn smiles on the frowning night, Check'ring the Eastern clouds with streaks of light; And flecked darkness like a drunkard reels From forth day's path and Titan's fiery wheels.
They stumble that run fast.
Thy head is as full of quarrels as an egg is full of meat, and yet thy head hath been beaten as addle as an egg for quarreling.
Then will I lay the serving-creature's dagger on your pate.
And all the better is it for the maid.
What if this mixture do not work at all?
As mine on hers, so hers is set on mine, And all combined, save what thou must combine By holy marriage.
But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
That is no slander, sir, which is a truth; And what I spake, I spake it to my face.
O, thou wilt speak again of banishment.
Well, you have made a simple choice.
Not I; unless the breath of heartsick groans, Mist-like infold me from the search of eyes.
Tis the way To call hers, exquisite, in question more.
Send thy man away.
O Lord, I could have stayed here all the night To hear good counsel.
Said he not so?
What storm is this that blows so contrary?
And what says My concealed lady to our canceled love?
It may be so, for it is not mine own.
We are undone, lady, we are undone!
Go then, for 'tis in vain ‘To seek him here that means not to be found. 
Tybalt, you ratcatcher, will you walk?
I will come again.
I will, and know her mind early tomorrow.
I do remember well where I should be, And there I am.
I drew to part them.
Romeo he cries aloud, ‘Hold, friends!
Well, in that hit you miss.
My life were better ended by their hate Than death prorogued, wanting of thy love.
Misshapen chaos of well-seeming forms!
I must to the learned.
Cry but “Ay me!” Pronounce but “love” and “dove.” Speak to my gossip Venus one fair word, One nickname for her purblind son and heir, Young Abraham Cupid, he that shot so true When King Cophetua loved the beggar maid.— He heareth not, he stirreth not, he moveth not.
Alack the day!
Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.
Out, alas!
Now will he sit under a medlar tree And wish his mistress were that kind of fruit As maids call medlars when they laugh alone.
Where have you been gadding?
These times of woe afford no time to woo.
Weeping and wailing over Tybalt's corse.
Why, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline, Torments him so, that he will sure run mad.
Going to find a barefoot brother out, One of our order, to associate me Here in this city visiting the sick, And finding him, the searchers of the town, Suspecting that we both were in a house Where the infectious pestilence did reign, Seal'd up the doors, and would not let us forth, So that my speed to Mantua there was stay'd.
I’ll to my rest.
Well, peace be with you, sir.
Thou knowest my lodging.
Courage, man.
At lovers’ perjuries, They say Jove laughs.
Nay, good goose, bite not.
Life, living, all is Death’s.
In bed asleep while they do dream things true.
For what, I pray thee?
I have a head, sir, that will find out logs And never trouble Peter for the matter.
A merry whoreson, ha!
And art thou chang'd?
Or did I dream it so?
The law that threatened death becomes thy friend And turns it to exile—there art thou happy.
That same villain, Romeo.
Two such opposed kings encamp them still In man as well as herbs—grace and rude will; And where the worser is predominant, Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.
Give me my sin again.
Thou villain Capulet!
Ye say honestly.
he scrape a trencher!
Alas the day, it did.
This torture should be roared in dismal hell.
We will have vengeance for it, fear thou not.
Nurse, will you go with me into my closet To help me sort such needful ornaments As you think fit to furnish me to-morrow?
Hold thy desperate hand.
Now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks: They'll be in scarlet straight at any news.
Grief of my son’s exile hath stopped her breath.
apothecary!
Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books; But love from love, towards school with heavy looks.
This doth not so, for she divideth us.
O deadly sin!
God ye good e'en, fair gentlewoman.
And, as he fell, did Romeo turn and fly.
Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing.
Beshrew your heart for sending me about To catch my death with jaunting up and down!
And when I do, I swear It shall be Romeo, whom you know I hate, Rather than Paris.
Yea,” quoth he, “Dost thou fall upon thy face?
Here is for thy pains.
O, no, a lantern, slaughtr'd youth, For here lies Juliet, and her beauty makes This vault a feasting presence full of light.
What, rouse thee, man!
I neither know it nor can learn of him.
Why, I am glad on ’t.
Dry sorrow drinks our blood.
Tis no time to play now.
Tomorrow will I send.
For this drivelling love is like a great natural that runs lolling up and down to hide his bauble in a hole.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, Straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
Alas that love, so gentle in his view, Should be so tyrannous and rough in proof!
You take your pennyworths now!
I pray thee, good Mercutio, let’s retire.
Fear me not.
Couple it with something.
I am the drudge, and toil in your delight; But you shall bear the burden soon at night.
What mean these masterless and gory swords To lie discolour'd by this place of peace?
But he which bore my letter, Friar John, Was stay'd by accident, and yesternight Return'd my letter back.
Bondage is hoarse and may not speak aloud; Else would I tear the cave where Echo lies, And make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine With repetition of my Romeo's name.
How long hath he been there?
Tybalt is dead, and Romeo banished.’ That ‘banished,’ that one word ‘banished,’ Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts.
Marry, I will; and this is wisely done.
Ha, banishment?
Old Montague is come And flourishes his blade in spite of me.
Life and these lips have long been separated.
I pray thee, hold thy peace.
Would none but I might venge my cousin's death!
An eagle, madam, Hath not so green, so quick, so fair an eye As Paris hath.
I am sped.
More validity, More honourable state, more courtship lives In carrion flies than Romeo.
But by and by comes back to Romeo, Who had but newly entertained revenge, And to ’t they go like lightning, for ere I Could draw to part them was stout Tybalt slain.
or did I dream it so?
Beguiled, divorcèd, wrongèd, spited, slain!
Perhaps you have learned it without book.
Piteous predicament!
Sir, go you in; and, madam, go with him; And go, Sir Paris.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
What counterfeit did I give you?
Henceforth I never will be Romeo.
Now, by my maidenhead at twelve year old I bade her come.
But if thou, jealous, dost return to pry In what I further shall intend to do, By heaven, I will tear thee joint by joint And strew this hungry churchyard with thy limbs.
Ah, my back, my back!
I beg for justice, which thou, Prince, must give.
Tis almost morning.
Well, thou hast comforted me marvelous much.
Alas that love, whose view is muffled still, Should without eyes see pathways to his will!
News from Verona!—How now, Balthasar?
Now, ere the sun advance his burning eye The day to cheer and night's dank dew to dry, I must up-fill this osier cage of ours With baleful weeds and precious-juiced flowers.
Tybalt’s death Was woe enough, if it had ended there.
You are to blame, my lord, to rate her so.
Where is the County's page that rais'd the watch?
O most wicked fiend!
What said my man, when my betossèd soul Did not attend him as we rode?
To-morrow will I send.
That’s a certain text.
It is my lady.
Give me, give me!
What, not a word?
By'r Lady, thirty years.
More validity, More honorable state, more courtship lives In carrion flies than Romeo.
You are a saucy boy.
Marry, that ‘marry’ is the very theme I came to talk of.
A plague o' both your houses!
Seigneur Martino and his wife and daughters; County Anselme and his beauteous sisters; The lady widow of Vitruvio; Seigneur Placentio and his lovely nieces; Mercutio and his brother Valentine; Mine uncle Capulet, his wife and daughters; My fair niece Rosaline and Livia;
What is the Prince's doom?
Therefore thy kinsmen are no stop to me.
Is he gone and hath nothing?
I warrant thee my man's as true as steel.
Now heaven hath all,
O, I have bought the mansion of a love, But not possess'd it; and though I am sold, Not yet enjoy'd.
This is as't should be.
Mine shall be spent, When theirs are dry, for Romeo's banishment.
Things have fall'n out, sir, so unluckily That we have had no time to move our daughter.
Doth she not count her blest, Unworthy as she is, that we have wrought So worthy a gentleman to be her bridegroom?
the cords That Romeo bid thee fetch?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Come on then, let's to bed.
At thy good heart's oppression.
Hang him, Jack!
As I did sleep under this yew tree here, I dreamt my master and another fought, And that my master slew him.
Romeo, will you come to your father’s?
What is yond gentleman?
Is she not proud?
Mass, and well said.
Do thou but close our hands with holy words, Then love-devouring death do what he dare— It is enough I may but call her mine.
Why, bride!
Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy Be heap'd like mine, and that thy skill be more To blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath This neighbour air, and let rich music's tongue Unfold the imagin'd happiness that both Receive in either by this dear encounter.
My child is yet a stranger in the world.
Stay, Tybalt, stay!
I must be gone and live, or stay and die.
He made you for a highway to my bed; But I, a maid, die maiden-widowed.
This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath, May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while, Till we can clear these ambiguities And know their spring, their head, their true descent; And then will I be general of your woes And lead you even to death.
He is not the flower of courtesy, but, I'll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb.
And stay, good nurse, behind the abbey wall.
O flesh, flesh, how art thou fishified!
Art thou a man?
I pro- test unto thee— Good heart, and i’ faith I will tell her as much.
If thou art fickle, what dost thou with him That is renown'd for faith?
My dearest cousin and my dearer lord?
The people in the street cry ‘Romeo,’ Some ‘Juliet,’ and some ‘Paris’; and all run, With open outcry, toward our monument.
How now, my headstrong?
I met the youthful lord at Laurence’ cell And gave him what becomed love I might, Not stepping o'er the bounds of modesty.
What, shall I groan and tell thee?
Cry but ‘Ay me!’ pronounce but ‘love’ and ‘dove’; Speak to my gossip Venus one fair word, One nickname for her purblind son and heir, Young Adam Cupid, he that shot so trim When King Cophetua lov'd the beggar maid!
I should have been more strange, I must confess, But that thou overheard'st, ere I was ware, My true love's passion.
An I were so apt to quarrel as thou art, any man should buy the fee simple of my life for an hour and a quarter.
Come, stir, stir, stir!
Let them begin.
Hie you, make haste, for it grows very late.
O noble prince, I can discover all The unlucky manage of this fatal brawl.
May not one speak?
Look to the bak'd meats, good Angelica; Spare not for cost.
Good Romeo, hide thyself.
Speakest thou from thy heart?
Go; I'll to dinner; hie you to the cell.
This shall forbid it.
We'll to dinner thither.
Marry, that, I think, be young Petruchio.
But come what sorrow can, It cannot countervail the exchange of joy That one short minute gives me in her sight.
Ready to go, but never to return.
I have night's cloak to hide me from their eyes; And but thou love me, let them find me here.
He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
Speak but one rhyme, and I am satisfied.
Was I with you there for the goose?
Hold him in safety till the Prince come hither.
From forth the fatal loins of these two foes A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life, Whose misadventured piteous overthrows Doth with their death bury their parents' strife.
Love's heralds should be thoughts, Which ten times faster glide than the sun's beams Driving back shadows over low'ring hills.
Were of an age.
Oh, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
Right glad I am he was not at this fray.
Arms, take your last embrace.
This wind you talk of blows us from ourselves.
A madness most discreet, A choking gall, and a preserving sweet.
Meagre were his looks, Sharp misery had worn him to the bones; And in his needy shop a tortoise hung, An alligator stuff'd, and other skins Of ill-shaped fishes; and about his shelves A beggarly account of empty boxes, Green earthen pots, bladders, and musty seeds, Remnants of packthread, and old cakes of roses Were thinly scattered, to make up a show.
This is the truth, or let Benvolio die.
and strength shall help afford.
My father Capulet will have it so, And I am nothing slow to slack his haste.
O woeful day, O woeful day!
Romeo, hist!
Serve God.
Tybalt, that murderer, which way ran he?
And there she shall at Friar Lawrence' cell Be shrived and married.
Thou fond mad man, hear me a little speak.
Make haste, I say.
Ay, ay, the cords.
Susan and she (God rest all Christian souls!
I am too bold; 'tis not to me she speaks.
I will be gone, sir, and not trouble you.
Methinks I see thee now, thou art so low As one dead in the bottom of a tomb.
There art thou happy.
I wot well where he is.
Where is my lord?
I dare not, sir.
If in thy wisdom thou canst give no help, Do thou but call my resolution wise And with this knife I'll help it presently.
I will kiss thy lips.
Wert thou as young as I, Juliet thy love, An hour but married, Tybalt murdered, Doting like me, and like me banished, Then mightst thou speak, then mightst thou tear thy hair, And fall upon the ground, as I do now, Taking the measure of an unmade grave.
Well, Juliet, I will lie with thee tonight.
Why, how now, Juliet?
By the hour of nine.
Then she is well, and nothing can be ill.
Thou shalt be loggerhead.—Good faith, ’tis day.
One fairer than my love?
Tybalt, liest thou there in thy bloody sheet?
Let's see for means.
Now Romeo is beloved and loves again, Alike bewitchèd by the charm of looks, But to his foe supposed he must complain, And she steal love’s sweet bait from fearful hooks.
Say either, and I’ll stay the circumstance.
Being holiday, the beggar’s shop is shut.
What man art thou that, thus bescreened in night, So stumblest on my counsel?
I would thou hadst my bones and I thy news.
If e'er thou wast thyself and these woes thine, Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline.
Tis no time to play now.
Well, well, thou hast a careful father, child; One who, to put thee from thy heaviness, Hath sorted out a sudden day of joy That thou expects not, nor I look'd not for.
It is my will; the which if thou respect, Show a fair presence and put off these frowns, An ill-beseeming semblance for a feast.
Bid her devise some means to come to shrift This afternoon; And there she shall at Friar Laurence’ cell Be shriv'd and married.
O me, O me!
You tallow face!
Out alas!
Riddling confession finds but riddling shrift.
Madam, I am here.
Thou art like one of those fellows that, when he enters the confines of a tavern, claps me his sword upon the table and says “God send me no need of thee!” and, by the operation of the second cup, draws it on the drawer when indeed there is no need.
Farewell, my coz.
Tybalt is gone, and Romeo banished; Romeo that kill'd him, he is banished.
I was hurt under your arm.
and how doth she?
Good gentle youth, tempt not a desperate man.
O rude unthankfulness!
What say'st thou?
Things have fall'n out, sir, so unluckily, That we have had no time to move our daughter.
Mercutio's kinsman, noble County Paris!
Nurse, come back again; I have remember'd me, thou shalt hear our counsel.
Without his roe, like a dried herring.
Happily met, my lady and my wife.
Perchance she cannot meet him.
We talk here in the public haunt of men.
Nay, that’s not so.
And yet no further than a wanton’s bird, That lets it hop a little from his hand Like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves, And with a silken thread plucks it back again, So loving-jealous of his liberty.
What can he say in this?
Some say the lark makes sweet division.
I am not for this ambling.
How art thou out of breath when thou hast breath To say to me that thou art out of breath?
Or, if thou wilt, swear by thy gracious self, Which is the god of my idolatry, And I’ll believe thee.
My lord, I would that Thursday were to-morrow.
The excuse that thou dost make in this delay Is longer than the tale thou dost excuse.
A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.
Then gave I her (so tutored by my art) A sleeping potion; which so took effect As I intended, for it wrought on her The form of death.
Is your man secret?
What hast thou there?
Despised, distressèd, hated, martyred, killed!
forbear this outrage!
Why rail’st thou on thy birth, the heaven, and earth?
Therefore love moderately.
Tis not to me she speaks.
Do as I bid thee, go.
If I do so, it will be of more price Being spoke behind your back than to your face.
Not in a grave, To lay one in, another out to have.
A sick man in sadness makes his will, A word ill urged to one that is so ill.
He speaks not true.
And stay, good Nurse.
Here's goodly gear!
It is not yet near day.
For all this same, I'll hide me hereabout.
I will not entertain so bad a thought.
I'll to my truckle-bed; This field-bed is too cold for me to sleep.
Your love says, like an honest gentleman, 'Where is your mother?
Therefore thy earliness doth me assure Thou art uprous'd with some distemp'rature; Or if not so, then here I hit it right— Our Romeo hath not been in bed to-night.
Meantime I writ to Romeo, That he should hither come as this dire night, To help to take her from her borrowed grave, Being the time the potion’s force should cease.
As much to him, else is his thanks too much.
Yon light is not daylight, I know it, I.
Not life, but love in death.
Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Thou wrong'st it more than tears with that report.
Wilt thou slay thyself?
I serve as good a man as you.
Take it in what sense thou wilt.
The all-seeing sun Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun.
Tis since the earthquake now eleven years, And she was weaned—I never shall forget it— Of all the days of the year, upon that day.
I am the greatest, able to do least, Yet most suspected, as the time and place Doth make against me, of this direful murder.
Poison, I see, hath been his timeless end.
Hath Romeo slain himself?
This is well.
I am afeard, Being in night, all this is but a dream, Too flattering-sweet to be substantial.
I have an interest in your hate's proceeding, My blood for your rude brawls doth lie ableeding; But I'll amerce you with so strong a fine That you shall all repent the loss of mine.
His son is thirty.
Thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe.
Romeo, I come!
O, give me thy hand, One writ with me in sour misfortune's book!
Boy, this shall not excuse the injuries That thou hast done me.
And she's fair I love.
And joy comes well in such a needy time.
A plague o’ both your houses!
Why, such is love’s transgression.
Thy fault our law calls death; but the kind Prince, Taking thy part, hath rush'd aside the law, And turn'd that black word death to banishment.
I hate the word, As I hate hell, all Montagues, and thee.
And private in his chamber pens himself, Shuts up his windows, locks fair daylight out, And makes himself an artificial night.
O nature, what hadst thou to do in hell When thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend In moral paradise of such sweet flesh?
Who bare my letter, then, to Romeo?
How canst thou try them so?
Let me be ta'en.
And here I stand, both to impeach and purge, Myself condemnèd and myself excused.
How if, when I am laid into the tomb, I wake before the time that Romeo Come to redeem me?
The boy gives warning something doth approach.
But, like a misbehaved and sullen wench, Thou pout’st upon thy fortune and thy love.
Commend me to your daughter.
Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads.
There's no trust, No faith, no honesty in men; all perjur'd, All forsworn, all naught, all dissemblers.
Hang him, Jack!
O my brother’s child!
I warrant, an I should live a thousand years, I never should forget it.
It is “music with her silver sound” because musicians have no gold for sounding.
Thou shalt be loggerhead.Good faith,'tis day.
Ay, by my troth, the case may be amended.
By my heel, I care not.
Therefore he that cannot lick his fingers goes not with me.
That I ask again, For nothing can be ill if she be well.
Dry sorrow drinks our blood.
What if this mixture do not work at all?
They have made worms' meat of me.
Come, he hath hid himself among these trees To be consorted with the humorous night.
I would not for the world they saw thee here.
O nature, what hadst thou to do in hell When thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend In mortal paradise of such sweet flesh?
Open the tomb.
No, not till Thursday.
My master is the great rich Capulet; and if you be not of the house of Montagues, I pray, come and crush a cup of wine.
This is that very Mab That plats the manes of horses in the night And bakes the elflocks in foul sluttish hairs, Which once untangled much misfortune bodes This is the hag, when maids lie on their backs, That presses them and learns them first to bear, Making them women of good carriage.
All are punish'd.
Dear love, adieu.— Anon, good Nurse!—Sweet Montague, be true.
My life were better ended by their hate Than death proroguèd, wanting of thy love.
Some grief shows much of love, But much of grief shows still some want of wit.
Dost thou love me?
Two such opposèd kings encamp them still, In man as well as herbs—grace and rude will.
To answer that, I should confess to you.
We cannot be here and there too.
Juliet, the County stays.
O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
Your lady mother is coming to your chamber.
Go and trim her up.
Fly hence and leave me.
Therefore, out of thy long-experienc'd time, Give me some present counsel; or, behold, 'Twixt my extremes and me this bloody knife Shall play the umpire, arbitrating that Which the commission of thy years and art Could to no issue of true honour bring.
Gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds, Towards Phoebus’ lodging!
What sayst thou, my dear Nurse?
Go get thee to thy love, as was decreed, Ascend her chamber, hence and comfort her.
Affliction is enamour’d of thy parts, And thou art wedded to calamity.
At this same ancient feast of Capulet's Sups the fair Rosaline whom thou so lov'st; With all the admired beauties of Verona.
Do you quarrel, sir?
We’ll keep no great ado, a friend or two.
I will be brief, for my short date of breath Is not so long as is a tedious tale.
How silver-sweet sound lovers' tongues by night, Like softest music to attending ears!
That “banishèd,” that one word “banishèd” Hath slain ten thousand Tybalts.
Thou!
What, shall I groan and tell thee?
O cousin, cousin!
For Juliet’s sake, for her sake, rise and stand.
What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?
You have dancing shoes With nimble soles.
Brother, ho!
Commend me to thy mistress.
What a head have I!
O trespass sweetly urg'd!
dun's the mouse, the constable's own word!
Do you like this haste?
Hast thou slain Tybalt?
I am the greatest, able to do least, Yet most suspected, as the time and place Doth make against me, of this direful murder; And here I stand, both to impeach and purge Myself condemned and myself excus'd.
It is the lark that sings so out of tune, Straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps.
That were some spite; my invocation Is fair and honest: in his mistress’ name, I conjure only but to raise up him.
What eye but such an eye would spy out such a quarrel?
Let me stand here till thou remember it.
all men call thee fickle.
Thursday is near; lay hand on heart, advise: An you be mine, I'll give you to my friend; An you be not, hang, beg, starve, die in the streets, For, by my soul, I'll ne'er acknowledge thee, Nor what is mine shall never do thee good.
Who now the price of his dear blood doth owe?
What says Romeo?
O that she knew she were!
But now I’ll tell thee joyful tidings, girl.
Be rul'd by me: forget to think of her.
I’ll bury thee in a triumphant grave.
What wilt thou tell her, nurse?
Tybalt, that murderer, which way ran he?
Do as thou wilt, for I have done with thee.
Care keeps his watch in every old man's eye, And where care lodges sleep will never lie; But where unbruised youth with unstuff'd brain Doth couch his limbs, there golden sleep doth reign.
Buy food and get thyself in flesh.
Thou villain Capulet!—Hold me not, let me go.
The what?
More light and light, more dark and dark our woes!
Peace, you mumbling fool!
What says Romeo?
The earth hath swallowed all my hopes but she; She is the hopeful lady of my earth.
Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand That I might touch that cheek!
Nay, that's not so.
Well, what was yours?
O, how my heart abhors To hear him nam'd and cannot come to him, To wreak the love I bore my cousin Tybalt Upon his body that hath slaughter'd him!
I think she will be rul'd In all respects by me; nay more, I doubt it not.
O Lord, they fight!
My dismal scene I needs must act alone.
Say thou but “ay,” And that bare vowel  Than the death-darting eye of cockatrice.
If I do so, it will be of more price, Being spoke behind your back, than to your face.
Either my eyesight fails, or thou look’st pale.
Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied, And vice sometime's by action dignified.
Muffle me, night, awhile.
Upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit, For ’tis a throne where honor may be crowned.
I wonder at this haste, that I must wed Ere he, that should be husband, comes to woo.
My leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.— My lord, we must entreat the time alone.
Poison, I see, hath been his timeless end.— O churl, drunk all, and left no friendly drop To help me after?
Tush, thou art deceiv'd.
Thy husband in thy bosom there lies dead; And Paris too.
Go, get thee hence, for I will not away.
Have you delivered to her our decree?
Marry, ’tis enough.
Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou hadst been poor-John.
O, tell me, Friar, tell me, In what vile part of this anatomy Doth my name lodge?
I am not I, if there be such an ‘I’; Or those eyes shut that make thee answer ‘I.’ If he be slain, say ‘I’; or if not, ‘no.’ Brief sounds determine of my weal or woe.
Nay, as they dare.
Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as they list.
Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake.
No words can that woe sound.
Alas, poor Romeo, he is already dead!
A bawd, a bawd, a bawd!
This same should be the voice of Friar John.
If I had, my weapon should quickly have been out, I warrant you.
Good thou, save me a piece of marchpane, and, as thou loves me, let the porter let in Susan Grindstone and Nell.—Antony and Potpan!
For himself to mar,” quoth he?
I will not fail.
Within this hour my man shall be with thee And bring thee cords made like a tackled stair, Which to the high topgallant of my joy Must be my convoy in the secret night.
Commend me to thy lady.
O mischief, thou art swift To enter in the thoughts of desperate men!
Can you not conceive?
Either thou or I, or both, must go with him.
I will carry no crotchets.
Thou wast the prettiest babe that e'er I nurs'd.
Why, how now, kinsman?
Hark ye, your Romeo will be here at night.
Send thy man away.
Have you got leave to go to shrift to-day?
Oh, what learning is!
Wash they his wounds with tears?
I saw her laid low in her kindred’s vault And presently took post to tell it you.
Anon comes one with light to ope the tomb; And by-and-by my master drew on him; And then I ran away to call the watch.
O God’s lady dear, Are you so hot?
What are they, I beseech your ladyship?
Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days. 
What noise is this?
If thou be merciful, Open the tomb, lay me with Juliet.
Thou wilt fall backward when thou comest to age.
Commend me to thy lady, And bid her hasten all the house to bed, Which heavy sorrow makes them apt unto.
wolvish-ravening lamb!
Beauty's ensign yet Is crimson in thy lips and in thy cheeks, And death's pale flag is not advanced there.
Such comfort as do lusty young men feel When well-appareled April on the heel Of limping winter treads.
Hark, how they knock!
Yet, if thou swear'st, Thou mayst prove false.
Tell me, good my friend, What torch is yond that vainly lends his light To grubs and eyeless skulls?
Stay, fellow.
I dreamt my lady came and found me dead (Strange dream that gives a dead man leave to think!
Most miserable hour that e'er time saw In lasting labor of his pilgrimage.
Marry, my child, early next Thursday morn, The gallant, young, and noble gentleman, The County Paris, at Saint Peter’s Church, Shall happily make thee there a joyful bride.
Here lies the county slain, And Juliet bleeding, warm and newly dead, Who here hath lain these two days buried.— Go, tell the Prince.
I will withdraw; but this intrusion shall, Now seeming sweet, convert to bitt'rest gall.
Let me have A dram of poison, such soon-speeding gear As will disperse itself through all the veins That the life-weary taker may fall dead, And that the trunk may be discharg'd of breath As violently as hasty powder fir'd Doth hurry from the fatal cannon's womb.
What wilt thou tell her, Nurse?
Nay, he will answer the letter's master, how he dares, being dared.
Brother, I’ll go and bring it thee.
I'll pay that doctrine, or else die in debt. 
Benvolio, who began this bloody fray?
Ay, madam, from the reach of these my hands.
I’ll make you quiet.—What, cheerly, my hearts!
I will bring you thither.
Within this three hours will fair Juliet wake.
Well, well, thou hast a careful father, child.
Meaning, to curtsy.
Beguil'd, divorced, wronged, spited, slain!
Tis he, that villain Romeo.
Wouldst thou withdraw it?
Romeo can, Though heaven cannot.
An if he hear thee, thou wilt anger him.
I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news.
The all-seeing sun Ne'er saw her match since first the world begun.
Therefore thy earliness doth me assure Thou art uproused by some distemperature.
Wilt thou be gone?
How long hath he been there?
Let not the Nurse lie with thee in thy chamber.
Then have at you with my wit!
God shield I should disturb devotion!— Juliet, on Thursday early will I rouse ye.
he's gone, he's kill'd, he's dead!
Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting.
here lies the County slain; And Juliet bleeding, warm, and newly dead, Who here hath lain this two days buried.
She hath forsworn to love, and in that vow Do I live dead that live to tell it now.
They call for dates and quinces in the pastry.
O single-sold jest, solely singular for the singleness!
Bear hence this body, and attend our will.
Romeo will answer it.
Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
O, what more favour can I do to thee Than with that hand that cut thy youth in twain To sunder his that was thine enemy?
Who knocks so hard?
Have you delivered to her our decree?
I will omit no opportunity That may convey my greetings, love, to thee.
Yon light is not daylight; I know it, I.
I saw no man use you at his pleasure.
or I'll cry a match.
I would the fool were married to her grave!
I nursed her daughter that you talked withal.
Uneven is the course; I like it not.
He bears him like a portly gentleman, And, to say truth, Verona brags of him To be a virtuous and well-governed youth.
I strike quickly, being moved.
It is an honor that I dream not of.
Romeo, away, be gone!
what, are you mad?
Wilt thou not, Jule?” It stinted and said “ay.” And stint thou too, I pray thee, Nurse, say I.
Ah, poor my lord, what tongue shall smooth thy name When I, thy three-hours’ wife, have mangled it?
I mean, an we be in choler, we’ll draw.
I will give you the minstrel.
Your plantain leaf is excellent for that.
Go, get thee to thy love, as was decreed.
Ah, the immortal passado!
A greater power than we can contradict Hath thwarted our intents.
I promise you, but for your company, I would have been abed an hour ago.
Look, and thou shalt see.
Oh, thou art deceived.
She speaks, yet she says nothing.
Alack the day!
Where I have learned me to repent the sin Of disobedient opposition To you and your behests, and am enjoined By holy Lawrence to fall prostrate here To beg your pardon.
If e'er thou wast thyself, and these woes thine, Thou and these woes were all for Rosaline.
Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
The lady stirs.
A plague o' both your houses!
Come hither, Nurse.
O, she's rich in beauty; only poor That, when she dies, with beauty dies her store.
I beseech thee, youth, Put not another sin upon my head By urging me to fury.
Here’s such a coil.
Tell me, daughter Juliet, How stands your disposition to be married?
It is some meteor that the sun exhales To be to thee this night a torchbearer, And light thee on thy way to Mantua.
Be merciful, say ‘death’; For exile hath more terror in his look, Much more than death.
Came he not home tonight?
More light and light—more dark and dark our woes!
Quarrel, sir?
Go, be gone.
Blind is his love and best befits the dark.
Thou dost not mark me.
I am content, so thou wilt have it so.
Beshrew my very heart, I think you are happy in this second match, For it excels your first.
I doubt it not; and all these woes shall serve For sweet discourses in our time to come.
I take thee at thy word.
Romeo slew Tybalt; Romeo must not live.
Give me thy torch, boy.
Sole monarch of the universal earth, Oh, what a beast was I to chide at him!
I have forgot why I did call thee back.
She is too fair, too wise, wisely too fair, To merit bliss by making me despair.
Come hither, man.
Care keeps his watch in every old man’s eye, And where care lodges, sleep will never lie.
Why railest thou on thy birth, the heaven, and earth?
A’ was a merry man) took up the child.
Is it my lady mother?
My naked weapon is out.
O, I cry you mercy!
Grief of my son's exile hath stopp'd her breath.
Holy Franciscan friar, brother, ho!
This wind you talk of, blows us from ourselves.
I beseech you, follow straight.
And where the worser is predominant, Full soon the canker death eats up that plant.
But saying o'er what I have said before.
To move is to stir, and to be valiant is to stand.
O, I am slain!
Thus with a kiss I die.
My wits faints.
What a man are you?
What with a torch!
That’s not so.
Hast thou met with him?
I’ faith, I am sorry that thou art not well.
Young son, it argues a distempered head So soon to bid good morrow to thy bed.
I'll look to like, if looking liking move; But no more deep will I endart mine eye Than your consent gives strength to make it fly.
Come hither, Nurse.
Or shall we on without apology?
Buy food, and get thyself in flesh.— Come, cordial and not poison, go with me To Juliet’s grave, for there must I use thee.
You are looked for and called for, asked for and sought for, in the great chamber.
I like it not.
Faith, I know not what to say.
Death, that hath sucked the honey of thy breath, Hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
O wife, look how our daughter bleeds!
It was the nightingale, and not the lark, That pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear.
You are to blame, my lord, to rate her so.
For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged.
Parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
By my troth, it is well said.
Therefore, have done.
But I pray, can you read any thing you see?
The Prince will doom thee death If thou art taken.
Peter, stay at the gate.
Now I’ll tell you without asking.
Call her forth to me.
We talk here in the public haunt of men.
Was that my father that went hence so fast?
this sight of death is as a bell That warns my old age to a sepulchre.
What, drawn, and talk of peace?
I do bite my thumb, sir.
But when I came, some minute ere the time Of her awaking, here untimely lay The noble Paris and true Romeo dead.
The pox of such antic, lisping, affecting fantasticoes—these new tuners of accent!
Clubs, bills, and partisans!
Appear thou in the likeness of a sigh; Speak but one rhyme, and I am satisfied!
Parting is such sweet sorrow That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
Yet ‘banished’?
The bridegroom he is come already.
Ay, by my troth, the case may be amended.
I saw her laid low in her kindred's vault And presently took post to tell it you.
I have been feasting with mine enemy, Where on a sudden one hath wounded me That's by me wounded.
My back a' t' other side.
I would not for the wealth of all this town Here in my house do him disparagement.
An I were so apt to quarrel as thou art, any man should buy the fee simple of my life for an hour and a quarter.
O Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I had!
Thou art not conquer'd.
I neither know it nor can learn of him.
The gray-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night, Checkering the eastern clouds with streaks of light, And fleckled darkness like a drunkard reels From forth day’s path and Titan’s fiery wheels.
Hie you to the cell.
The other did not so.
And why, my Lady Wisdom?
All men call thee fickle.
Is thy news good or bad?
Death’s the end of all.
O woful time!
Mercutio’s kinsman, noble County Paris.
What, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds?
I’ll to dinner.
I, measuring his affections by my own, Which then most sought where most might not be found, Being one too many by my weary self— Pursu'd my humour, not pursuing his, And gladly shunn'd who gladly fled from me.
But wherefore, villain, didst thou kill my cousin?
Love is a smoke rais'd with the fume of sighs; Being purg'd, a fire sparkling in lovers’ eyes; Being vex'd, a sea nourish'd with lovers’ tears.
Let’s see for means.
Can you not stay awhile?
We follow thee.
In the mean time, against thou shalt awake, Shall Romeo by my letters know our drift; And hither shall he come; and he and I Will watch thy waking, and that very night Shall Romeo bear thee hence to Mantua.
Romeo's a dishclout to him.
He is not the flower of courtesy, but, I’ll warrant him, as gentle as a lamb.
Behind the abbey wall Within this hour my man shall be with thee And bring thee cords made like a tackled stair, Which to the high top-gallant of my joy Must be my convoy in the secret night.
Is love a tender thing?
Anon.
By-and-by, I come.— To cease thy suit and leave me to my grief.
Why, such is love's transgression.
It is not yet near day.
O, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
Hang thee, young baggage!
I will, and know her mind early to-morrow; To-night she's mew'd up to her heaviness.
Upon his brow shame is asham'd to sit; For 'tis a throne where honour may be crown'd Sole monarch of the universal earth.
O that I were a glove upon that hand, That I might touch that cheek!
I'll lay fourteen of my teeth— And yet, to my teen be it spoken, I have but four— She is not fourteen.
Not in a grave To lay one in, another out to have.
Oh, she knew well Thy love did read by rote, that could not spell.
If ever you disturb our streets again, Your lives shall pay the forfeit of the peace.
Not I, unless the breath of heartsick groans, Mistlike, infold me from the search of eyes.
Thus then in brief: The valiant Paris seeks you for his love.
Out on her, hilding!
Hence, and stand aloof.
I will be deaf to pleading and excuses; Nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses.
Take no note of him.
I beg for justice, which thou, Prince, must give.
Faith, here it is.
The fearful passage of their death-marked love And the continuance of their parents' rage, Which, but their children’s end, naught could remove, Is now the two hours' traffic of our stage— The which, if you with patient ears attend, What here shall miss, our toil shall strive to mend.
Ay, forsooth.
Capulet, Montage, See what a scourge is laid upon your hate, That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love!
Raise up the Montagues.
What should it be that is so shrieked abroad?
Rest you merry!
Therefore, farewell.
Or, if his mind be writ, give me his letter.
And yet I wish but for the thing I have.
Faith, we may put up our pipes and be gone.
How is't, my soul?
I anger her sometimes and tell her that Paris is the properer man.
Yet tell me not, for I have heard it all.
The second cock hath crowed.
Revive, look up, or I will die with thee!
Patience perforce with wilful choler meeting Makes my flesh tremble in their different greeting.
Why, I am glad on't.
You shall have none ill, sir; for I'll try if they can lick their fingers.
We shall be much unfurnished for this time.
Tell me not, Friar, that thou hear’st of this, Unless thou tell me how I may prevent it.
What said my man when my betossed soul Did not attend him as we rode?
I will say for you.
So thrive my soul— A thousand times good night!
Utter your gravity o'er a gossip’s bowl, For here we need it not.
But to be frank, and give it thee again.
What further woe conspires against mine age?
They have made worms’ meat of me.
Sweet, sweet, sweet Nurse, tell me, what says my love?
But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
for thou art As glorious to this night, being o'er my head, As is a winged messenger of heaven Unto the white-upturned wond'ring eyes Of mortals that fall back to gaze on him When he bestrides the lazy-pacing clouds And sails upon the bosom of the air.
O, pale!
O' Thursday be it, then.— Go you to Juliet ere you go to bed.
I would forget it fain; But O, it presses to my memory Like damned guilty deeds to sinners’ minds!
What must be shall be.
You lie.
These are news indeed!
Hie to high fortune!
O, tell me, friar, tell me, In what vile part of this anatomy Doth my name lodge?
She hath not seen the change of fourteen years.
Come, thou day in night, For thou wilt lie upon the wings of night Whiter than new snow upon a raven’s back.
Then all alone At the prefixed hour of her waking Came I to take her from her kindred's vault; Meaning to keep her closely at my cell Till I conveniently could send to Romeo.
I’ll go along, no such sight to be shown, But to rejoice in splendor of mine own.
Marry, sir, because silver hath a sweet sound.
Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast.
Good even to my ghostly confessor.
Wherefore weep I then?
Let me dispute with thee of thy estate.
Hast thou no letters to me from the friar?
If good, thou shamest the music of sweet news By playing it to me with so sour a face.
What is her mother?
Were you by when it began?
He fights as you sing pricksong, keeps time, distance, and proportion; rests me his minim rest, one, two, and the third in your bosom!
Do not deny to him that you love me.
I'll re you, I'll fa you.
O, tell not me of fear!
What, dost thou make us minstrels?
Then have at you with my wit.
A conduit, girl?
But sadly, tell me who.
As I discern, It burneth in the Capels' monument.
why, thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast.
You know not what you do.
Just opposite to what thou justly seem'st— A damned saint, an honourable villain!
Even so lies she, Blubbering and weeping, weeping and blubbering.
I will follow you.
I’ll to the friar to know his remedy.
Fie, you slug-abed!
If love be blind, love cannot hit the mark.
But with a rearward following Tybalt's death, ‘Romeo is banished’— to speak that word Is father, mother, Tybalt, Romeo, Juliet, All slain, all dead.
Hast thou not a word of joy?
A plague o’ both your houses!
There rust and let me die.
Thy face is mine, and thou hast sland'red it.
Well, sir, my mistress is the sweetest lady.—Lord, Lord!
And yet I wish but for the thing I have.
Or if it did not, Your first is dead, or ’twere as good he were, As living here and you no use of him.
An I might live to see thee married once, I have my wish.
The ground is bloody.—Search about the churchyard.
Therefore do nimble-pinion'd doves draw Love, And therefore hath the wind-swift Cupid wings.
Tonight she is mewed up to her heaviness.
Look, sir, here comes the lady toward my cell.
He came with flowers to strew his lady's grave; And bid me stand aloof, and so I did.
Therefore be patient, take no note of him.
Smatter with your gossips, go.
Nay, I'll conjure too.
Hie to your chamber.
It is written that the shoemaker should meddle with his yard and the tailor with his last, the fisher with his pencil, and the painter with his nets; but I am sent to find those persons whose names are here writ, and can never find what names the writing person hath here writ.
Then, window, let day in and let life out.
His son was but a ward two years ago.
Nay, I’ll conjure too!
The County will be here with music straight, For so he said he would.
A thousand times the worse to want thy light.
But woo her, gentle Paris, get her heart.
Sojourn in Mantua.
All this is comfort.
Marry, I will, and this is wisely done.
Go thither, and with unattainted eye Compare her face with some that I shall show, And I will make thee think thy swan a crow.
Here's one, a friend, and one that knows you well.
Tell me, that I may sack The hateful mansion.
Under love’s heavy burden do I sink.
Love’s heralds should be thoughts, Which ten times faster glide than the sun’s beams, Driving back shadows over louring hills.
Come, civil night, Thou sober-suited matron, all in black, And learn me how to lose a winning match Played for a pair of stainless maidenhoods.
What noise is here?
Find thou the means, and I’ll find such a man.
Did you ne'er hear say, “Two may keep counsel, putting one away”?
To prison, eyes, ne'er look on liberty.
Is the day so young?
Look you, she lov'd her kinsman Tybalt dearly, And so did I.
