I like Rhythm and Blue music .
There &apos;s nothing he needs to change .
It does not exist .
Mine is book by Steve Martin called &apos; The Pleasure of my Company &apos; .
What differentiates a mosquitoo from a blonde ?
They &apos;re pretty good . Also , that &apos;s a good song .
I do not think Beyonce can sing , dance , or act . You mentioned Rihanna , who is that ?
I was unaware that you were in law enforcement , as well .
I called to say &apos; I Love You
I would most likely not vote for him , although I believe Melania would be the most attractive First Lady in our country &apos;s history .
I do not hate him .
Youtube.com also features many of the current funny ads .
I enjoy watching my companion attempt to role @-@ play with them .
Some of my favorite television series are Monk , The Dukes of Hazzard , Miami Vice , and The Simpsons .
I have a desire to produce videos on Full Metal Alchemist .
I would travel to that location and physically assault you at this very moment , however , I am unable to swim .
Your mother is so unintelligent that she was hit by a cup and told the police that she was mugged .
You must be creative and find something to challange us .
I am watching it right now .
I do not know ; the person who invented the names had attention deficit disorder .
I believe , rather , that they are not very smart on this topic .
Of course it is Oprah , because she has been providing better advice for a longer time .
That is the key point , that you fell asleep .
A brunette female , a blonde , and person with red hair walked down a street .
That is funny . Girls need to be a part of everything .
In point of fact , Chris &apos;s performance looked like the encoure performed at a Genesis concert .
In my time , Emo was a comedian .
Moriarty and so forth , but what character did the Peruvian actor portray ?
What did the beaver say to the log ?
I miss Aaliyah , she was a great singer .
I don &apos;t think he is in love with her .
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish .
The is very funny , but in a sick vein .
I do not hate him but he makes me feel unpleasant .
It offends everyone equally .
I love both of those women , especially Aaliyah . They are deceased but still watching over us .
Do you feel than three members is a good number for a band ?
Your mother is really unattractive .
Refrain from attempts to make an impression on her ; should she favor you , she will approach you !
No , we just aren &apos;t very well @-@ understood .
I agree with the assessment of beauty and desirability concerning the ladies on &apos; Love Hina.&apos;
Yes , I was using Aries , you should try that one .
I previously played the flute , but quickly became enamored with the saxophone once I started playing it .
I have met a lot of celebrities while working on yachts for the past 30 years .
Your mother &apos;s stupidity is so excessive she sold her car to acquire money for gasoline .
Why is a hemorrhoid not the same as an asteroid ?
My friend said that if you learn the simplest four notes , you will be able to play the entire song .
What exactly are you stating ?
Yes , I did hear the joke about Bjork and Chaney .
And the blonde woman replies , &apos; Wonderful , I was already assigned my first murder mystery case &apos; .
Those kinds of artists give the hip @-@ hop genre a bad name .
I duck behind the sofa as I say , &apos; I don &apos;t really live here &apos; .
Until the show &apos;s next season .
My little brother would ask a question like that .
Tell me your entertaining dreams , ladies and gentleman !
I would greatly favor spending a summer with him on &apos; Brokeback Mountain.&apos;
You know the Beta team still wants to answer this .
Anakin and Queen Amadala , of course .
And thank you again , &apos; From Buffalo , NY.&apos;
The chorus sounds something like that .
Rap music contains too much explicit content .
Paula seemed to take a liking to everyone this week .
Tell him you are pregnant with someone else &apos;s child .
The two boys have strange , redneck characteristics such as play including glue inhalation .
I am assuming that you are a Republican .
I think he is an extremely unkempt little man , who looks greasy and in need of a shave .
I do not need to be a homosexual .
&apos;The Shield , &apos; &apos; The Sopranos , &apos; &apos; Twin Peaks , &apos; &apos; The Simpsons , &apos; &apos; Smallville , &apos; &apos; Nip / Tuck.&apos;
Plus , for an older man , that is really attractive .
Naturally , she is unintelligent , her husband does not care for her , and she is too weak .
I am simply inquiring because people behave as though they are no longer interested in them .
I love it because I love the show .
However , I can not find any information concerning that .
I imagine he would be a better option for you .
The Beastie Boys perform a song containing the lyric &apos; I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg , &apos; which I find very amusing as I believe the song is titled &apos; Egg Man.&apos;
Am I correct in understanding that , if I download any song by In Flames , the RIAA cannot sue me ?
Thank you for the thought , but I would not desire to have a funeral party in my honor .
I simply did not care enough to check .
&apos;Slither &apos; and &apos; Stay Alive &apos; are both good films .
The song seems to be performed by Dylan but I still cannot pin @-@ point which song it is .
I do not really have a favorite artist , I like them all .
That sounds acceptable to me ; what is everyone else &apos;s opinion ?
He leaves and doesn &apos;t go home .
I think so , my healthy turtle always does .
Speedy Gonzales was an irritating character while the characters Tom and Jerry were too innocent .
Techno penetrates your being and makes you want to dance .
I &apos;m hoping that a sith or scorpion will come out to fight .
I think they are into drama . I do not understand why .
Then I switched my focus to N &apos;Sync , but now I am most interested in Stephen Speaks .
Maybe you will be able to use these next year .
I had a compilation of Air Supply songs and Milli Vanilli .
I am fairly certain it was a kiss .
You can find most anything on eBay .
Your never satisfied with what you have .
What did the left not say to the right nut ?
I am not actually stating that he is adorable .
Absolutely not and I feel you are an idiot in posing the question .
Is it me that you are looking for ?
However , I believe four peopld would be preferrable .
I enjoy horror movies like Nightmare on Elm Street .
Simon always disagrees . He has great judgement even though he is harsh .
I have many , but Maroon Five and Life House are my all time favorites .
It is because you do not have the correct perspective .
As you know , they always find the most ridiculous things humorous .
There &apos;s nothing we can do if he &apos;s such a strict vegan that he can &apos;t even consume animal crackers .
Please compile a list on here of your best April Fool pranks .
He is not good in that movie .
Thus far , I have not heard that she returns here to Arkansas ?
Rap due to the fact one can rhyme and spout nonsense , however , in rock and roll , you &apos;re unable to ridicule others , understand ?
Even though , as a young man who does not normally enjoy romantic films , I enjoyed this film .
I just wipe them on the floor or bed .
I felt the third was too long ; but , I did like it .
Inform them that the telephone bill and the monthly rent are due .
Together , my father and I have purchased about a thousand items .
Yes , I tried that in another costume ( not Mickey ) . I simply smile when somebody takes a photograph of me .
Two reasons I favor this performing group is their ability to write their own songs and play their own music .
Nicole Kidman is much more attractive .
The only reason she is famous is because her family is wealthy .
You can not rate them because they are all good movies .
A female sings it . The lyrics are something along the lines of &apos; I need you more and more &apos; .
Alas , no , I do not listen to her anymore .
The question reminds me of that song .
I have watched all of the episodes .
The perfect man knows who I am and approves .
The song is , &apos; Dirty Little Secret , &apos; by The American Rejects .
It should be free to download and have easy to understand features .
People often come into conflict with each other both physically and verbally .
I really like Jason Momoa , from Baywatch , as well as North Shore .
He wrote a song for us all to keep dreaming with .
It depends on the type of gum that you chew .
The seven dwarves are these : Sleepy , Grumpy , Doc , Sneezy , Happy , Dopey , and Bashful .
Chris is going to achieve a victory .
Sadly , I no longer feel our unique connection .
Your mother is so unintelligent that she thought she needed a ticket to board the Soul Train .
Please let me know when you find out .
Stacie , I am happy .
I am not certain . However , these two points have made my total 1001 .
Are there any famous people on here ?
I suggest calling Disney and seeing what they have available .
You definitely need to watch the movie Reservoir Dogs .
How old are you ?
Another song by Gary is , &apos; I Don &apos;t Look Back &apos; .
Yes , but if you earn enough points you can request more .
It used to be something I enjoyed , but now I am repulsed by it .
I suggest avoiding hot dogs , and not watching this movie with your little sister .
I do not like them , I think that they sound very uncomfortable .
This is obviously hypothetical , although I am curious concerning other opinions .
She is completely ridiculous .
If it &apos;s true that she &apos;s 5 &apos; 9&apos; , her twin children will be giants !
I watch the show because I think that Tom Welling is so attractive !
I did not understand it . Maybe I am just stupid .
For a comedy you can also try Wedding Crashers or The 40yr Old Virgin .
He has a gentlemen &apos;s heart .
Your mother &apos;s excessive stupidity led her to place a ruler on her pillow to measure the amount of time she slept .
I have never been able to forgive her for that .
He gave his opponent a look that meant not to mess with him . Then they started fighting .
Does &apos; gay &apos; still mean &apos; happy &apos; ?
I just received a cd from my aunt . It features Josh Groban , an amazing tenor .
A genius can manipulate people into believing his idea , but an unintelligent person cannot .
I my opinion , they should not get married , I do not think that he deserves her .
Tom Welling looks similar to The All American Rejects &apos; vocalist .
I was referring to Faith No More .
It &apos;s annoying me . I would like to listen to it .
What is wrong with her ?
My brother looks like a less @-@ attractive version of Academy Award @-@ winning actress Kathy Bates .
I do not know or care .
How can you prevent burglars from breaking in ?
It should be noted that I am not looking for the movie Aladdin .
I &apos;d put Jessica above Paris Hilton .
In addition , he is extremely attracitve .
That egg looks like it &apos;s sad and angry .
I viewed some information on television that indicated he did , is that an actual fact ?
I am looking for female impersonator clothing for viewing and purchasing .
I am very surprised that your friends are not familiar with that show .
Vince Vaughn is very funny , and very attractive !
It is one of the most entertaining cartoons !
Of course , I know that was feeble .
You have one and a half bricks , so one and half multiplied by one and a half equals two and a quarter .
That depends on your taste in music .
People are unintelligent , but did you see the movie Donnie Darko ?
I saw it in 1986 or thereabouts , and scarcely remember the details ; can someone assist me ?
Dress her up to look like a Choirboy .
Do not whine concerning the end of a relationship .
Allow Hollywood to purchase the newborn .
I am looking for a gentleman who is also manly .
That &apos;s why people wonder why he &apos;s not married .
Why do they attempt to change their accent to british ?
Your mother is excessively stupid and saw the sign stating &apos; Disney Left &apos; so she turned around to travel home .
Without a doubt , I would definitely choose My Chemical Romance .
At the age of 9 , I was given a &apos; Milli Vanilli &apos; recording for my birthday .
One of my favorite movies that I enjoy is The Parent Trap .
He thought it was extremely amusing when presented with a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it .
I can do all the things that they do and I am not a scary little girl !
The boys said , &apos; You are wasting your time &apos; .
I like the song &apos; Open Arms &apos; by Journey , but I like Mariah Careys version of the song better .
He assumes that people need good comedy .
I find men with edgy fashion choices , such as tattoos , attractive .
A gentleman looking for a nice lady .
I was not even aware they all existed .
A person in between the opposing positions has the best of both .
I like Limewire , which is a good source of the latest music .
&apos;La Vie Boheme , &apos; and &apos; Take Me or Leave Me.&apos;
I was confused if he was asking to die , since he said please .
What sort of a person is unkind to an orphan ?
They want you to buy forty of each . Specifically , four packages of hot dogs and eight packages of buns .
Can you not rhyme the words together ?
Chely Wright performed &apos; Shut Up and Drive.&apos;
I have no desire to boast or anything , however , I am a rock star !
It is either a coffin or a headstone .
Is that going to happen after four thousand years ?
The movie is , &apos; Double Teamed &apos; .
I believe he was in his forties . I also know that he retired .
He must of learned some skills after seeing all those fights .
That was a less than professional way to approach the situation .
They have not made C
I am so excited about the new movie .
She turns the alligator over then calls out , &apos; Drat , this one doesn &apos;t have shoes either ! &apos;
It &apos;s a great source and you shouldn &apos;t down it .
We will go on a picnic .
My children and I love that show .
Have you used a tissue ?
I babysit , so I am unsure of the job market , but good luck in your search !
Although this game is free , I would rather play World of Warcraft .
It is simple , God created the chicken and then the chicken laid an egg .
I apologize ; I have not seen it yet , although everyone else told me the details .
From men , McCartney , and from women , Lindsay Lohan .
Zac Efron must be the most attractive man in existence .
Watching the calf suckle the mother .
He would be well advised not to let her go .
My choices would be Milli Vanillie , Vanilla Ice , and Snow .
Simply put , fewer people favor TabooBuster and Osama !
Your mother is so ignorant , she makes the silly cartoon characters Beavis and Butt @-@ Head seem like Nobel Prize winners .
My grandma accomplishes a great deal with her cane .
Your mother is unintelligent to the point that if brains were dynamite , she would not have enough to blow her nose .
Merely turn it from &apos; on &apos; to &apos; off &apos; and vice versa .
Yes , amusingly he stood on a block of ice !
We &apos;re trying to be happy as well .
That would be M.C. , I believe .
I favor the man as he is humorous and grounded .
That is a very racist comment to make .
Is there a good tool that can aid me in mixing and manipulating songs ?
I don &apos;t know about downloading videos on itunes.com or limeware.com
I am sure you will both enjoy it .
I am happy that this question was finally asked .
Everyone really wants to get in there /
Do you have any recommendations on how to proceed ?
The movie is Cheeh and Chongs &apos; Up In Smoke.&apos;
It is a simple plan , but you better like them !
Your mother is not managing her money well .
Yes , I also heard that they are no longer together .
Journey , Pink Floyd , The Police , The Eagles , and Rush are all great classic bands .
I do not understand why people like films of that sort .
Bambi is my favorite animated movie ever !
I am still fond of both bands today .
I love all of the songs of Green Day , and particularly Boulevard of Broken Dreams .
He said , &apos; he was an evil man &apos; .
I would enjoy seeing either of them win .
I feel elated when I listen to them .
Give me the technical specifications please !
Your mother is so unattractive , the police ticketed her for indecent exposure .
Do not let it get to you , dear .
Do not be concerned , I am on your team .
You can purchase almost anything you want on Ebay !
And simply attempted to tug on those dangling items !
However , I &apos;m an unadulterated veggie and I &apos;m enamored of them .
I recommend aquiring perhaps three or four logs .
I very much enjoy this song .
I think the most attractive men in the world are Brad Pitt , Pippin , and Johnny Depp .
I enjoy it because it provides me with an enjoyable activity and I am disabled due to Chron &apos;s disease .
The parents stopped and his mother quickly dismounted pulling the covers around her .
Would you explain how you are developing such outlandish questions ?
I find myself attracted to both of them .
Tom Cruise is in it , and personally I find him to be a horrendous actor .
The doctor said you are going to die , Tonto said , looking at the Lone Ranger .
Jessica is just a silly minion of Paris .
Alan Moore is complaining because it isn &apos;t happening
It is really eight miles .
Oh , my favorite classic television show is &apos; The Golden Girls . &apos; Is that show considered a &apos; classic &apos; ?
Orlando Bloom and Chad Michael Murray are both really attractive !
I enjoy their music , but they have too many tattoos for my taste .
How do you impregnant a Catholic woman ?
I know of a song , but I cannot remember how it goes .
Wait a moment , are you a homosexual ?
Simply enroll in a great number of talent shows .
&apos;National Lampoon &apos;s Christmas Vacations , &apos; was extremely funny .
I like Joan because she is the most similar to me .
I enjoyed each character and Bill Cosby was extremely humorous without being crude .
I dislike him , but not everyone feels the same way .
Yes , however , they are unknown artists .
I am far past age seventeen .
The first appearance of The Joker was in a 1940 Comic called Batman # 1 .
If it comes to a physical altercation , then The Rock would be victorious .
I am fond of his music .
VHS has become outdated and has been replaced by DVDs .
In my opinion , most women have the thought that Carmen Electra is attractive and proceed .
I don &apos;t think it &apos;s a very intelligent show .
How do you get locked in a car ? Why do you not simply unlock it ?
If you have cash , then buy a Taylor or a Martin .
Jodie Foster is most excellent .
Chuck Norris played in a horror movie back in the 1970 &apos;s or 1980 &apos;s .
She has the same amount of undesirable &apos; tramp &apos; characteristics as the others .
I believe they understand the intention .
It may seem strange , but try the store Goodwill . They have tons of nice things that people no longer want .
My favorite character is Jess . I find him very attractive .
The name of the film is &apos; Under the Tuscan Sun &apos; starring Diane Lane .
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows on television .
An appealing voice and attractive .
I select both , in my fantasy I can do as I please .
He &apos;s wealthy and is allowed to have that appearance should he desire .
I like the song &apos; Don &apos;t You Cry Tonight &apos; by Guns &apos; n &apos; Roses .
It would be great to be her , to be wealthy .
Your mother sometimes needs things to be explicitly spelled out for her .
Not I ; however , I was previously in orchestra .
He &apos;s like a fine wine - he improves with age !
That woman is utterly rude and dishonest . She should be prosecuted for false advertising .
I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas due to my femininity .
I don &apos;t believe in them personally .
What is your favorite scene in the show Gilmore Girls ?
She used to sing with a band called M @-@ People .
What do you mean when you say &apos; bad stuff &apos; ?
As well , I worked in the government .
In case you have not been able to read it yet , Doyle Brunsen has written an excellent book .
You might try Limewire.com , a free program which requires a download .
I really enjoy the song and I am listening to it at this moment .
Although I find him marginally attractive , I find his wife exceptionally attractive .
Your mother &apos;s excessive stupidity allowed her to attempt placing M &amp; Ms in alphabetical order .
I would prefer to have a thuggish &apos; bad boy &apos; who also has a gentleman side .
I am not sure what will happen , however , I am sure that it will be good .
There is only one occurrence of &apos; ZZ &apos; in ZZ Top .
It is fine if they are not fond of him .
Your mom put on her job application under education , hooked on phonics .
He said that your mother is so stupid she thought the singing group , Boyz II Men , was a day care center .
Yes , it turned me into a human hose pipe .
Please don &apos;t ask me to list all of them .
The brick will not follow you after you lay it .
Your mother is so unintelligent that she spends two hours watching the telivision program 60 Minutes .
You should explain to your parents that your passion is acting .
Most likely you really don &apos;t want to meet women in the bars anyways .
This explains why they frequently needed to open that hatch .
My choice would be Will Farrell .
We spell the word color as colour , and say Colin Powell with an emphasis on the C rather than the O.
My age , my blood pressure , and the price of gas keep going up !
Yes , this is a very high @-@ quality Korean songstress .
There are no words that rhyme with &apos; orange.&apos;
The song &apos; She &apos;s Like the Wind &apos; from the movie &apos; Dirty Dancing.&apos;
Why confine yourself to only one thing ?
If Floyd was able to do it , I am sure The Beatles could have regardless of whether or not Yoko was there .
Visit this website , it lists many television situational comedies which are available on DVD .
My husband initiated my addiction , however , I haven &apos;t viewed a large portion during this season .
I would not know Tyra Banks for sure because I have only seen her tv show .
If anyone completely understood the film , I would like to humbly request that you explain it to me .
Paris is not simple @-@ minded , her Intelligent Quotient is around 145 .
I am pleased that this responsibility has fallen to me .
Thank you for allowing me to express my frustration regarding this sub @-@ par musical act .
Who sings the song &apos; Can &apos;t Touch This &apos; in the movie &apos; Charlie &apos;s Angels : Full Throttle &apos; ?
I do not want answers that do not actually have advice .
That is disgusting it has saliva dripping all over it .
I am able to pick up objects using my toes and my husband finds it revolting .
I want to listen to music that I like but I am unaware of what to listen to .
Final destination was a good movie with bad acting .
I hope no one was offended by that blonde joke .
Would someone be able to assist me ?
I also used to be a fan .
Why are certain males amused by flatulence ?
It has very close camping quarters , with people stealing . As well as ten children died from overdoses .
She was the best .
Hoopz was not interested in Flav whatsoever .
I can still visualize my brother &apos;s 45 .
My sister enjoys him immensely .
I do not like American Rap .
Never tell anyone you know - otherwise , you will never live it down !
Was I supposed to choose one of them ?
This is a show for a female audience .
I am first , but there are at least ten more after myself .
With a great deal of therapy , the man driving down the road may even walk again .
Is anyone really that crazy ?
What is your favorite movie and why do you like it ?
I must more closely examine pictures from Disney .
Most definitely , animal crackers were created to be both cute and delicious .
The best pick is the song &apos; Far Far Away &apos; by As I Lay Dying .
I have heard this riddle before .
I do not believe that is a song .
How will you feel if someone chooses to throw a funeral party for you when you are between sixty and seventy years old ?
The parents stop and his mother promptly dismounts while pulling the blanket around her .
I actually made this one up but I am unsure if others find it funny .
He is an excellent actor , and I have always loved his work !
Who is there that could find so many words that start with a &apos; v &apos; .
We will have an enjoyable time .
If you are going to play the game , you have to learn to play it right .
You should exercise caution because your boss may like you a little too much .
Your mom called Dan Quayle to check the spelling .
I enjoy hip @-@ hop , rap , rock &apos; n roll , and popular music , but my favorite genre of music is R &amp; B.
That was the best joke I &apos;ve heard .
The song is by The Used and is called &apos; I caught fire ( in your eyes ) .&apos;
Are you a lesbian ?
I am having trouble recalling the title , could it be &apos; Take That First Step &apos; ?
How old are you ? You should be at least 18 years old .
My desire is for my CD to function in my vehicle &apos;s CD player , and also in my Walkman .
That Burger King is disturbing .
Yes . Can I ask how you put the beans on top of the frank ?
Make one that will make you happy and make your pet bird excited .
I believe certain aspects , such as ruling planets , are true .
Pay attention to the song .
That &apos;s a very silly idea .
They eventually received a postcard from him .
You win my love , little by little .
I believe the word your thinking of would be &apos; strengths &apos; .
If you choose to play the game , sir , you must learn to play correctly .
I can &apos;t listen .
I think it awful that she stole Brad fron Jennifer , but I pick Angelina .
This is one method for preventing it from entering your system . Refrain from stupidity and utilize it !
I have another question , although it may be obvious .
Where would I be able to find the &apos; Aladdin &apos; cartoon series available on DVD ?
My son is quite passionate about it , and I find it adorable .
Kevin ... I &apos;m not exactly an &apos; American Idol &apos; viewer .
It piques my interest ; what is it about ?
I invented a hanger which made me famous .
I am unsure , as I am currently under the weather .
James , they are both terrible . Rap music is gay .
The answer is &apos; man &apos; and refers to the use of four legs when crawling as a baby , use of two legs when walking , and use of three legs later in life when adding a cane to the existence of two legs .
I am pretending to be in a world of my own creation wherein everybody likes me .
Some bands I enjoy listening to are : Reel Big Fish , Chronic Future Are A Couple , and AC / DC .
People are unintelligent and wish to exploit him for his financial resources .
I am not certain , but believe it may be Kevin , Bucky or Melissa ( who erred when singing the lyrics ) .
What is your final answer regarding the wedding band ?
I do not know who originally sang the song , Cry Me A River .
Although I have the cassette tape , I would prefer to have that album on compact disc .
I know I am quoting Showgirls but it is apt here .
He sounds like a really nice man !
I am just glad they didn &apos;t show us the toilets .
I am very fond of the show Smallville , so it is interesting to me to meet someone else who loves the show .
They are very attractive .
Download it at Limewire.com.
The site contained information concerning the sequel , however I am not sure of the release date .
Angelina Jolie is much sexier .
I would like to be on television .
He chose Sarah , but rumors have been circulating that the relationship has already ended .
It should not be called a Christian band !
You are not that way , you simply lack self @-@ confidence .
That &apos;s like &apos; Broke Back Mountain &apos; .
That is attractive , though I love Tinkerbell .
They cannot see anything in the beginning .
You can depend on me to be supportive , however , I do not remember names .
Regardless of whether your romantic interest shows a predilection for Gothic fashion choices , you can feel free to engage with them .
Best Buy stocks many movies and television series &apos; which are difficult to acquire .
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the Super Bowl .
However , I am writing music with a happier tone because of her !
I enjoy her powers such as freezing and causing explosions .
I want to be with him , I &apos;ll call him Money .
I think I have a grasp of what is going on .
I only like &apos; The Simpsons &apos; better than this television program .
The term was made so vague with meaning because people used it so much .
If you want to live , talk and dream about it , I would suggest moving to either Japan or China .
After you hit it away , the mosquito stops sucking .
He has a very distinct walk .
Your mother seems to have gained weight .
Approximately a minute later .
Yes , let &apos;s get together !
Who is RAM , if Geeta is Ram ?
I was previously a fan as well .
Maya &apos;s husband Darnell because he is very attractive .
I enjoy his music . It &apos;s terrible that he &apos;s accused of molestation .
I am looking for some new music .
I am going to choose the cow .
It is the most ridiculous thing I have seen in a long time .
You are going to St. Ives .
What kind of question are you asking ?
I would think rap has become more popular these days .
She must find gainful employment .
I desire to meet my favorite bands and I am very fond of rap music , especially Reliant K.
I cannot believe you had to ask .
I prefer Magic over Glow .
I cannot imagine why they hell not .
I should hope not , because that appears disturbing .
I would have to say Will Ferrell .
You would not understand . At least I still have my Peggy Sue .
Of course you should keep the baby ; you dabbled in trouble , and now you must pay the cost .
I am passionate about the guitar and drums !
Your mother is so overweight that her baptism had to take place at SeaWorld .
I am not usually into Rock n &apos; Roll , Screamo , or anything similar .
I can not say for certain , but I thought it was him .
I enjoyed that motion picture and liked looking at Brad Pitt in it .
Could you please repeat your question ?
I like that way that Maya is down @-@ to @-@ earth .
Celebrities are the cause of the excessive number of girls with anorexia .
I am not familiar with any of them .
Before there were no eggs , therefore chicken .
Take a look at either Google , Best Buy , or Blockbuster .
Wow , that &apos;s a difficult decision .
Purple and Music are two , I think .
I enjoy the character Lucius Malfoy .
You should put parental controls on or use web site ratings .
How many women were playing drums at that time ?
They are not confused .
I love and am a big fan of Green Day .
How can he have poor hygiene and be a genius ?
It is not close to a PlayStation Portable ( PSP ) , but it is close enough .
Please don &apos;t answer if you dislike them .
The song is &apos; I Have Nothing &apos; by Jennifer Hudson .
It means that they all have green dots .
Your mother is rather unintelligent , she believed Chuby Checkers was an event for obese people .
You &apos;re favorite song , happens to be their most popular .
I do not believe Michael Jackson will have another top album .
I did not really discuss it with my parents before , but I did mention it once . They did not respond , and did not seem to care .
The rituals of Scientology are very strange !
I missed it last night , but I would like for Kevin to go .
Oh really ? Is it two @-@ dimensional or three @-@ dimensional ?
If you chew Bubblicious , the bubbles can become great .
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are rated very highly .
Although the decision lies with you , I would answer in the affirmative .
It must be the chicken !
If anyone can help , I would appreciate it very much .
Unfortunately , I have known people who urinated in their pants .
Your mother is so unintelligent , she put lipstick on her forehead and said she was trying to makeup her mind .
You need to rent the movie The Sweetest Thing .
He had no desire to commit bigamy .
No , the banjo music would not .
Who do you think will win season five of American Idol ?
You could always try to download 360 share on your computer .
She additionally completed a layout in King Magazine just recently !
I concur with my colleagues .
I think people would like him more if he didn &apos;t talk about politics .
The boy told you that you are wasting your time .
I think Brian asks the best questions . I am not sure why they suspended him .
I understood he was still supposed to be incarcerated .
I would use the baseball bat and break the window .
it is Paris Hilton , but I do not like either one of them .
That depends entirely on what type of websites you enjoy .
It is funny when you are 60 , not so funny when you are 80 .
A little kryptonite would fix it .
Chicken first , because God is unable to lay eggs .
However , anyone could have said that .
I think Rie @-@ Rie should get the credit for this one .
Before my operation , that was me .
You can stop talking to me because I know I am right .
I am very fond of Superman .
No , I am sure that Paris or Mandisa will win .
Then , I saw some of his movies , and I thought he was excellent .
I most certainly do not want to be with someone with thug like behavior .
I thoroughly enjoy the hair bands of the 1980s .
We are going to continue to sing together frequently .
There are some people that although I know them , I do not really like them .
Mar , I thought I would let you know that that commercial is for Dairy Queen .
I stopped liking rap , there are just too many people .
Anime is like manga in animation form .
It is simple ; excellent romantic films include Shakespeare In Love and Romeo &amp; Juliet .
She saw a blonde on the other side of the street .
Well then , I am also not gay .
I do not like the Rock , but I really dislike George Clooney .
He is so cute that he makes me want to spank his behind !
8 Mile is an enjoyable film ; however , it is older .
It did not make sense at first , and when I finally got it , it was still not funny .
It &apos;s weight measurement is 1 , the question is deceptive !
I have three names .
It &apos;s Lauren , a woman that goes to my church .
Independence Day is a disaster movie that also has some science fiction elements .
At a palace in Turkey , she took on armed guards .
Due to suspicion from Kevin and Katharine .
He became eccentric , impregnated Katie , and leapt onto furniture .
Inform him you desire to have a three person sexual encounter with another physically attractive girl .
It is most likely more than that .
It was positive how you retrieved him .
I am impatiently waiting to ask my husband .
I enjoy a variety of musical genres , including old school rap , rap , and pop but not hard rock .
He refuses to speak to the female parrot .
But it would be wonderful if they created a special reunion episode of something of that nature ( I really enjoy that show ) .
They are over paid and over celebrated .
I am reminded of the past when it would not have been called a booty , but rather a fat arse .
She could have been the voice of Mother Bates .
Girls think they will only be liked if they look like celebrities , but that is just not true .
I do not think that is strange .
That person in hilarious .
Every time I hear that particular song , I become excited .
Never believe deceptive illusions .
I deeply enjoy &apos; Boulevard of Broken Dreams &apos; .
To the contary , I do not agree .
The blonde who was in the boat stated that it was &apos; like a sea of wheat &apos; .
I like them ; also , they are adorable .
I like &apos; Angel Baby &apos; , remixed by Mr. Kapony , because of its personal associations .
Is that really water at his feet ?
What was he thinking when he referred to her children as orphans !
Now you are able to get sleep .
I do not believe your mother is unintelligent .
She could trick @-@ or @-@ treat over the telephone .
What is the problem with his hair ?
I enjoy them so much , who else enjoys Blink 182 ?
I just told you the answer .
She asked , &apos; Hey , how do you get to the other side ? &apos; .
I like both Lauren Hill and Mary J. Blige .
Aftward , you can recoup the entirety , or at least the majority , of your investment .
Are you familiar with the drummer for Blink 182 ?
You should mix in some commonly known songs as well .
We designate it a Mumu , she designates it lingerie .
I cannot recall the last time I turned on my television .
He merely desires to engage in sexual activity with the specific person .
My sister resembles Karishma Kapoor , an extremely well @-@ known Hindi film celebrity .
They &apos;re a great band with high @-@ quality lyrics and vocals .
I am sure that it was him !
It is just like what happened in the new HBO show , &apos; Big Love &apos; .
What were you and dad doing there ?
What is the reason for that style ?
Paris Hilton is not far behind .
Perhaps he needs to improvise more ?
I am currently listening to it .
I cannot say I watch him frequently .
If you try some crazy stuff , you might end up with a fish and not a baby .
Your mother lives in a dangerous neighborhood and I am concerned for her safety .
My favorite bands are Panic and The Used .
It helps that there is a handsome man as a star in it .
Katie Holmes was once a nice Catholic girl , now she &apos;s a Scientologist .
Do not be discouraged , you will be back to yourself in a couple of weeks .
My choices would be I Am Sam , and Hollywood Bollywood .
Don &apos;t use that to guide your life .
It reminds me of an old song from the Beatles .
My favorite books are in the &apos; Naruto &apos; series .
The blonde woman went home and engaged in sexual activities .
I &apos;m not truthfully able to name one &apos; most @-@ liked &apos; film .
One muffin looks to the other and says ;
The Bugle &apos;s made a song called &apos; Video Killed the Radio Star.&apos;
What are you doing in that area ? We ought to leave .
All of you here who says you love American Idiot are not fluent in music .
The man says , &apos; I cannot accept your money.&apos;
There is a funny joke about rap music .
I enjoy Jennifer Love Hewitt , particularly because she and I have similar birthdays .
Yes , I saw it and I loved it .
Your mother is so stupid , that she sold the car for gas money .
Since you inquired , I believe rap is the superior genre .
I am watching the movie Never Been Kissed although it isn &apos;t Appleton me .
What if a deceased individual were to escape from the cemetery ?
In my opinion , Fall Out Boy .
Myself , however I am becoming quickly tired of questions about them on here .
Abbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production that has had five revivals .
When you reach out to me , I worry .
Yes he and his music are both very sexy .
Unfortunately , the good old days have passed .
Which one do you prefer ?
Wow , that is a difficult question .
I believe it could be Kazza , Limewire , or Eztrackz .
Aspen Colorado is the home to some great music festivals , you can sit back enjoy the mountains and the music .
Also , I read an article claiming she was one of the highest @-@ paid actresses .
Unfortunately , there is nothing to drink .
Why does this question continue to be posed ?
What about when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dern in &apos; The Coyboys &apos; ?
Who throws a funeral party ?
I would like someone who is respectful and responsible but also sexually active .
I was under the impression it was Missouri ( St. Louis ) .
The rapper Eminem is pretending to be the way he is . I choose &apos; Get Rich or Die Tryin.&apos;
One man stated , &apos; Where &apos;s the beauty from Mystic Pizza ? &apos; .
I do not know but they will look well together .
If this is similar to others , they should terminate their advertising agency !
It &apos;s difficult to know the reason but apparently it was only a matter of their time .
He should respect myself and my colleagues .
Do not worry about your signs , they are not always right . Just try being nice and talk to her .
That is very embarassing .
I am still attempting to recover .
Not the same level of awkwardness as a random undisciplined child bawling regarding his father and skateboard !
I watched the show up until season four , after that I was no longer interested .
PS . Raveena Tandon &apos;s reputation is that she delivers a fierce wallop , so use caution !
The first Saw movie was better then the second .
I feel that way so I want to know what others think .
Meeting people along the way does not mean they stay with you , therefore , it is you alone .
Any thing is possible , if you dream it you can achieve it .
Laughingly , it is all about the fear factor .
My family is quite different than the example you gave .
I hope that you received the answer that you were searching for .
The gentleman mentioned he does not know .
Even if that music is ordinarily not to your taste , you will enjoy Greenday .
Nevertheless , I will vote for Taylor Hicks exclusively .
I was unaware there would be a sequel called Incredibles 2 .
Is that salmon or some sort of fish ?
I have and still do love Green Day since Dookie .
People are no longer concerned about the chicken .
I enjoy the sogn &apos; True Love Ways &apos; .
I choose Reese Witherspoon for an actress and I choose Zac Efron due to his quality acting ability and extreme physical attractiveness .
That would depend on the type of gum , or the chewing .
Two pigs lying in bed watching &apos; Deliverance &apos; would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson .
I enjoy listening to the Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K.
It &apos;s depressing , I grew up with them .
You should simply purchase the soundtrack .
He likely said something along the lines of &apos; we are not real &apos; .
Tupac would not be interested in that .
I was told that if I wanted to play the game , I needed to play it correctly .
I would advise you to additionally try to develop confidence in your self image , which does not sound very strong right now .
The song may sound very old school but it was recently made .
He did exactly what he said he would .
Therefore , I suppose your circumstance is not unique .
One of them is the Indian celebrity named Aishwarya Rai .
Did you buy a ticket to see that ?
I agree with American Idol .
&apos;LP &apos; is an abbreviate of &apos; Linkin Park &apos; as well .
You need to watch this .
Possibly the film you are referring to was &apos; The Apartment &apos; from the 1960s .
Most of No Doubts early material would fit into the genre of ska .
In my opinion , that made the movie somewhat impressive .
Nothing will do except for a diamond ring .
I suggest you let him know that you want to marry him .
You forgot about the group TLC .
In order to find you attractive , I would have to drink everything in the bar !
My name is Chuck Norris .
I suggest you try purevolume.com , which has free mp3 downloads .
Well , you see , I loved rap when I first became a music fan .
I like the Click Five and enjoy their songs .
There are also too many Baldwin brothers .
However , I believe people currently prefer to listen to songs with titles such as &apos; My Humps.&apos;
They are simply interested in expressing themselves , and creating a lively tune .
I loved Bewitched , Elf , and all of his other movies as well .
Does anyone know where she is ?
She is definitely different than she was in the past .
They are quite abundant here .
Please mention if you know of a movie that is scarier than ; &apos; The Omen , &apos; Jaws , &apos; &apos; The Exorcist , &apos; &apos; Carrie , &apos; and &apos; Scream &apos; .
Your mother is so slow she tried to steal bread that was free .
I know that you &apos;ll say you &apos;ve seen funnier , but it still makes me laugh .
I have also seen the movie .
Men would do this while others would not .
You should attempt calling a local radio station or go on the website AskJeeves .
Yjou need to check out this website , my dear .
I think that most all of them are rather humorous .
My conflict resolution style is based in passivity .
It is desirable to be in a relationship with a man who treats his partner respectfully while standing up for himself .
Yes , they definitely knew that you are unintelligent and have a problem involving the use of LSD .
Zero . Free airfare , hotel , and meal and daytime expenses should be paid , however .
I also own the Vanilla Ice compact disk .
I am a Scorpio .
No , I haven &apos;t seen your baseball .
It is most definitely one of my favoritie shows .
I am looking forward to a little love , some wine and spending time with my man .
First of all , I do not choose them .
Especially in regard to the chicken &apos;s pursuit of the man during the conclusion !
A category should exist for most superior queries .
Why do you only have one and a half bricks ?
I do find myself attractive .
No one will forget TLC , as their songs were emblematic of a particular generation of young women .
I think that it will be icy blue , have visbale breath , and icicles on its nose .
The song was titled &apos; Epic &apos; ; it &apos;s a great song but I cannot remember the artist .
I love &apos; I Dream of Jeannie &apos; .
I love the rock bands U2 , Bon Jovi , Coldplay , and Three Doors Down .
I liked Rudy when she was a little girl and Theo when he was a high school student !
I am confused , they know they are not getting a good seat .
I would recommend you listen to Mad Season if you have not already done so .
The police officer states your picture is on it .
It makes a sound like &apos; wa @-@ yoh wa @-@ yoh wa @-@ yoh wah &apos; .
Some of my favorite films include &apos; Manchurian Candidate &apos; and &apos; Mean Girls &apos; and &apos; Mona Lisa Smile.&apos;
Roll them into a tight ball and flick the ball .
It is very easy to understand .
I would join the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
Tyra has a great show and I love her , however Oprah is just great !
I have and it is a terrific show .
No , tonight she was sent home .
I knew that you would ask that question !
My top choices in descending order are Chris Brown , Bow Wow , then Omarion .
A flatulence that brings tears to your eyes .
This is clearly an excellent motion picture .
That way you will be the one who breaks @-@ up first .
Also , it is the most you can charge your IPOD while listening to it .
It &apos;s a melody !
I am sure that you can tell by now , that I am a big Superman fan .
Is your question : How much does it weigh ?
They do not rap about intelligent items .
I enjoy acting and my colleague indicated that I have talent at it .
It is fine , not good or bad but fine .
You will have experience to back up your claims .
He made me dinner , and it made me smile .
Are you familiar with any New England venues that offer opportunities in the movie industry ?
Your mom thought the internet is something you catch fish with .
I do not have a favorite band , but Maria Carey is my favorite singer .
Being a Def Leppard fan , I would get all of them from them .
I love it because it is so funny .
It is saying that he promises not to leave or betray her .
That is a stupid and silly question .
My significant other explored this with me last year .
How good of a president do you think he would be ?
Even though I have Norton AntiVirus , I was still infected with porn .
He used to be a hard rock @-@ and @-@ roller .
My only requirement dear is money .
Think about how many people he is hurting by being selfish with his money .
My cat may eat my bird if it flaps its wings .
I enjoy watching them with my boyfriend .
She looks good , but I am unsure about her personality , I have not experienced it .
I &apos;m aware of the term , udders !
A lesbian is not always a tomboy .
No , I have not seen it yet . I am waiting for it to be released on DVD .
I will be unique and refer to the vagina .
In what way is anybody able to despise Tom Cruise ?
They had a lot of interesting and good qualities things during the 1990s .
I frequently propel deluxe frankfurters at my grandmother .
Peter Gabriel was in &apos; Genesis.&apos;
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is called , &apos; Always Changing.&apos;
I would rather listen to Billy Joel &apos;s music .
I went to Saint Ive &apos;s where a man and his problems were going the other way .
What were you and your dad doing ?
I am so excited to see them in May !
I enjoy Janis Joplin &apos;s rendition of &apos; Cry , Cry Baby.&apos;
It also is considered a form of Japanese comic book .
I do not know , but I believe that they would be as sad sounding as the Rolling Stones are now .
My favorite is George Clooney . He is very good looking .
We will have to accept it .
The answer is no , however I do know of someone .
I enjoy Lonely Nation and Golden .
I Wite Sins Not Tragedies written by Panic At The Disco .
Read numbers upside down .
In my opinion , you are shouting rather than singing .
I do not care for plain rock . I am geared towards rap , metal , and a blend of rap and rock ( e.g. Linkin Park ) .
A very close friend of mine is a Cap .
At first I thought it was amusing until it got boring .
Sarah , factually however , he did not truly propose .
I believe that you meant to say psychic .
Are you looking for one or more then one ?
I just bought new heels , earrings , and a bag .
I would have to say my two favorite comedies are White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber .
I recently viewed the film M.C.
I realize that particular example is very old .
Although he is not universally disliked , that is the reason why some dislike him .
Where can I download music from after purchasing an MP120 ?
I have the latest one and I get music , pictures , movies , and documents .
Yes , when I do need quite a bit of assistance .
The genie told each one they could have a wish .
My favorite bands are Red hot Chili Peppers , Simple Plan , Bowling for Soup , Yellowcard , and Fall Out Boy .
A desirable gift for one &apos;s wife might be a pocket taser stun gun .
There are muffins baking in an oven .
They are not shallow women , Jessica is clearly a genius .
New Kids on the block is my choice .
The speeder who was a blonde , reached through her purse unable to find her license . She then asked &apos; What does my license look like &apos; ?
I believe they are somtimes , I do not think you should center your life around them .
He is attractive , elderly , and not hirsute , which is a combination of traits that I enjoy .
I just watched Friday , Next Friday , Friday After Next , and White Chicks .
I cannot think of an alternate candidate .
I like any movie that Jim Carrey is in .
To see multiple movies each week , it costs ten dollars per ticket .
I used to love him , but I do not anymore .
She &apos;s very talented ! I would be disappointed if she did not win .
I understand how to read tabs .
You should formulate a more relevant query next time .
I continue to watch the show &apos;s reruns .
I hope this answered your question .
I personally would choose &apos; Gilmore Girls &apos; because of how sarcastic they are .
I can give you a better referral if you tell me where you live .
Don &apos;t let anyone else decide your fate .
I am having trouble sleeping because I need to know what happened .
You should view it on Yahoo ! Movies .
During the times when you both sit together doing no activities except watching television or something of this nature .
My favorite English song is &apos; Kiss From a Rose &apos; by Seal .
It takes some time to become accustomed to it .
I would suggest having a party to celebrate your new life .
Why do you not express your views to television management ?
The chicken expresses the sound &apos; weeee &apos; while approaching the end .
I believe it is in perpetuity or similar .
I enjoy original Nintendo , especially Super Mario Brothers .
It sounds somewhat enjoyable , and I may attempt it .
Dakota Fanning is really famous although she is only twelve .
I tried to make a gun the other day but I made a mistake and it was not mine .
The movie Snoopy Come Home was great .
Why is he not incarcerated ?
I believe their names were Heather and Heidi . They were great athletes .
Perhaps Rachel Fuller is in my heart .
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp .
He would wear that green @-@ striped rugby shirt . I think it is ugly .
It is possible that I will be able to see them in a few months .
Can anyone share this information with me ?
The question was asked in an interview about the name of his wife .
In one of her songs , she addresses the issue of not letting her boyfriend pressure her into having sexual intercourse .
Yes , sometimes I do not return home until late in the evening .
Of course ; Keith Urban is very sexy , who would not want to marry him ?
I enjoyed the show &apos; Happy Days.&apos;
The show was a frightening at times .
The only possible way would be to use a sharing program such as Limewire .
I love it . I also love &apos; Stupid Girls , &apos; that song is wonderful .
Yes , there is a resent button .
Inform him that you &apos;re moving on , you &apos;re going to find someone else .
I do , I love both of them !
The movie was very wordy , overall .
American Idol , House , and Grey &apos;s Anatomy are my top three .
If so , who are you ? What are you famous for ?
Randy is occasionally strange . Paula is cowardly . Simon is occasionally too cruel .
The new version of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
The chicken came first because it had to hatch the egg .
Be slightly more open @-@ minded .
I &apos;m not sure if everyone does , but I definitely do .
He cannot keep his mouth shut ; so , he is the reason his sister was fired .
Do they always erase it ?
That person ran off with the wives of two of the men .
I really like Harry Potter .
In my opinion it is Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie .
In addition , there was always pizza to be had .
The blonde insulted the other blond by mentioning how stupid she was on the highway .
I do as I am female and only aroused by pornography featuring lesbians .
Your mother took a cup to see Juice . She is not very intelligent .
A true friend would not let their intoxicated companion have intercourse with a zombie !
Are Mickey Rourke and Bruce Willis the same person ?
I do not understand Screamo or Emo music .
This is the song that I dedicate to my boyfriend and I.
Rabbits fees are only effective for people , not the rabbits from which they come .
He actually desired to eat the mouse .
He &apos;s crawling around and has no feet .
It depends on one &apos;s definition of a miracle .
I do not believe that she was ever that way .
Thank you , am bi @-@ sexual also , that is the reason I asked .
I would have to ay Riker and Troi in my opinion .
I very much enjoy it . I will keep this unpleasant secret to myself .
However , in the 1980 &apos;s I loved her !
If I were looking , that is what I would be looking for .
I very much so enjoy their songs .
One such joke is about a girl , a chicken , and a roller coaster .
I am not fond of any of them . Panget Rock Band is the best .
I attempted to enjoy his company but cannot .
Why listen to Locke , Jack , or Syead ?
Some bands are Duran Duran , Madonna , One Woman Band , Alabama , Exile , and Air Supply .
Try reaching out to Disney employees .
I do not desire an opinion , I require the source used to form the opinion .
Thy are a good band in my opinion .
Their relationship was dead on arrival .
I record a lot of shows , but I also watch DVDs .
I &apos;m a handsome , dashing , interesting person , whom you &apos;ll never attain .
I would strongly advise against putting any reality TV on your show .
I would really like it if Hollywood would stop remaking classic movies .
If you were not so young , you would know the answer .
While clover is very appealing , I prefer crimson .
Neither Natasha Bedingfield nor James Blunt are very good .
I enjoy their music each morning .
Hello , my name is Elvis . You may be familiar with me .
Please get in touch when you can .
I thank God for each day that I have .
You could try horseback riding , which can be risky and resulted in a severe injury for Christopher Reeve .
It was preempted because of a sports event , and the newest episode premieres ( I believe ) on March 27th , which I am highly anticipating .
It ranks high on my favorites list .
He is abusinessman and he decides to spend his money on whatever he wants .
I enjoy the song &apos; So Sick &apos; by Ne @-@ Yo .
He has been travelling the world and became an adult with many postcards .
I truly enjoy the band Sublime .
A modern song I like is &apos; Paranoid Android &apos; by Radiohead .
We Filipinos speak English very well , we &apos;re very hardworking and wise .
I merely require a small number of rhymes regarding sickness or illness .
An intoxicated man makes a rude remark .
Is anyone aware of a &apos; Casting Call &apos; website ?
My wife enjoys it , but I do not .
I was very impressed with her performance in the film .
What kind of person are you to ask such a question ?
What is your opinion ?
I do not like RBD either ; They are older men and housewives dressing as high school students .
Perhaps , though now it is done for a dramatic effect .
I truly enjoy Jim Carrey and it gives me a sense of well @-@ being .
You have the option to play as Peter , Susan , Lucy , or Edmund .
I think that would be wrong .
Greenday , what ever happened to you ?
Also , he is strange @-@ looking .
I also believes taht Naomi Watts &apos; dress was strange and appeared too big for her .
It looks like me .
Mother is so unattractive , she frightens buzzards away from a meat truck .
She made fun of Jessica Simpson in a scene where she was washing a car .
The blonde person on the other side said : &apos; You are on the other side.&apos;
Kevin Costner for sure , did you forget Waterworld ?
Many of my friends ponder the same subjects .
Secondly , I would pick &apos; Yellow Card &apos; , &apos; Simple Plan &apos; , and then &apos; Bowling for Soup &apos; , and &apos; Red Hot Chili Peppers &apos; .
The objective is to stop the zombies from wandering around town .
The song is called &apos; Bone Thugs and Harmony &apos; , by the Beastie Boys .
Most likely , AC / DC or Guns N Roses .
I do not know , but I want to . Try searching online for the end of the movie .
The brunette team leader speaks to the blonde team leader and asks her , &apos; What are you guys doing ? &apos;
I found &apos; Diary of a Mad Black Woman &apos; amusing .
I was only kidding around , MC Hammer , back when he was rich and famous .
In my opinion it is Maya , she is sarcastic but also down to earth .
It must have been the chicken .
The best movie I have ever seen is , &apos; The Schindler &apos;s List &apos; .
It is quite a shame that they would have done that .
Anything that inspires positive feelings .
You can get the movie on DVD if you want to see Shawn .
What about a romantic film , in other words , a &apos; chick flick ? &apos;
How did that guy stay in one place throughout the entire film ? Just wondering .
There have been hints about Archie marrying Betty in many of the stories .
A blonde woman is driving down the highway .
While I hope they do not return , if they do then good luck !
You could always send her to a circular room , and tell her to sit in the corner .
He was so scared , it caused him to have a heart attack .
I would like to draw your thoughts to analysis of what we currently have .
If I could swim , I would come out there and confront you .
For men , Chris Ace or Taylore ; for women , Mandisa , Katherine , and Lisa .
Does anyone know the web address ?
You should have a group discussion to determine why there was no alcohol at the party .
I found it phenomenal , even though it made me cry for quite a bit .
What is the bosses whole name ?
Nicole Kidman is more attractive , sophisticated and talented than Kaite .
Also , I recommend checking out Full Metal Jacket .
Have your head the final song on Having a Robin ?
Where can I learn the name of this 1980s movie ?
Tyra Banks , I idolize her . In my opinion , she &apos;s attractive , however there is a rumor circulating of her pregnancy .
Perhaps it is a future story line as they did not make use of it .
Have you ever considered why men tend to think a lot , but women tend to talk a lot ?
What could society have done to these men to cause them to be excessively violent ?
You just lack knowledge in this area and should not consider yourself dumb .
When he cleaned the ashtray in the house and yelled , he did it for you !
I really enjoy all of the CB movies and specials .
Is this Zombie your best friend or more than that ?
I assume they can not eat Gummi Bears as well .
Envision the actions this person is capable of with a surprising lack of accountability .
That is one of the best songs in existence !
What do you expect , it is Tom Cruise .
Well , if he had not broken up with Jennifer Aniston , I would have said Brad Pitt .
If you contact the information line , they will provide you with it immediately .
However , all three can be considered part of one larger film .
I know for sure it will be Kellie , Katherine , chris , and Ace .
I actually have a few favorites .
I still find it irresistible !
I lie Tyra but feel that I must choose Angeline Jolie .
It &apos;s similar to a mini movie , and very confusing .
I love the hair metal , Motley Crue , Pouson , Cinderella , Faster Pussycat , Slaughter , and anything else .
If they were indeed together , it did not last long .
I am very fond of the show and continue to watch the re @-@ runs .
My posterior is already burnt . You are beginning to smell very good .
She used to be a role model to girls .
Are you one of their fans ?
&apos;7th Heaven &apos; was acceptable , although I could not relate to it .
I have Vanilla Ice and New Kids on the Block .
She is not the best singer .
I prefer Jerry Springer over David Letterman .
I like two of their songs but the rest are bad .
Who sings the song , &apos; I Don &apos;t Like The Looks Of It &apos; ?
Fifty Cent is attractive and muscular .
I do not find this attractive and recommend you research Ville Valo or Bam Margera to view a physically attractive man .
Lin wrote what I was trying to write .
Your mother is so doltish that she placed a telephone in her anus because she thought she was making a &apos; booty call &apos; .
I hope that this does not destroy your brain .
What is all of these males insulting my female paramour ?
I am excited that I am visiting the Hershey factory tomorrow .
I know a lot of people other than myself that do .
Lynn , as she is the most comedic .
There were two teams : the brunettes and blondes .
My opinion is it &apos;s somewhat low @-@ class to call it by name however perhaps I &apos;ll refer to it as Jet .
Everything will work itself out .
Your mother is so very moronic that she would extinguish the last spark that was heating your house .
I simply require the title of the film ... Thanks .
Silly , your name is already based on Star Wars !
I truly enjoy that film .
However , that is a very good question .
They are very attractive .
I believe that one bottle of Captain Morgan will work . I am heading up north , will you meet me at the library ?
The comic strips will always be the best .
I do not know , as I have never tried it .
It is a long comic , not a book .
Those Beatles &apos; songs &apos; Rubber Soul &apos; , &apos; Revolver &apos; , and &apos; Sgt. Pepper &apos;s Lonley Hearts Club Band &apos; .
I am untrusting of someone who does not like at least one song from Sublime .
She is a useless person who makes money from the troubles of others .
I think the end must be the third film .
Yes , I think I am . Many people say I am , as well .
They get Rizza , Jizza , and Ghost Face Killer .
I cannot believe professional wrestling is still being aired--it is garbage .
Why are they beating me with a cane ?
Watch the movie &apos; 9 &amp; 1 / 2 Weeks &apos; as Mickey Rourke was very physically attractive .
Email , perhaps we can become friends !
Is anyone else fond of the song &apos; Breath Me &apos; performed by Sia as I am searching for the lyrics ?
I love the songs &apos; The City Sleeps &apos; and &apos; If I Only Had A Brain &apos; .
I have never seen so many DVD &apos;s of television at Best Buy .
Hilariously , I actually purchased one .
What type of animating do you do ?
Three examples of an animal are a chicken , hyena , and a jackal .
I apologize , I have never heard if it .
The child was maybe only six or seven years old .
If it is an old car then you should roll the window down ; otherwise , unlock the door .
I believe ABBA , they were huge in the 80 &apos;s and I believe they still have a large fan base .
Your mother is rather unintelligent as she believed a lawsuit was something you wear to court .
Do you need two pounds of brick ?
I would like to watch Full House or Fresh Prince of Bel @-@ Air .
They are generally about your personality , not you life choices .
Of course , Red Hot Chili Peppers .
It happened in Batman , when he was recovering , that blond man took over .
I enjoy most types of rock music .
He could only hear the person breathing in and out .
Virgos tend to have outgoing personalities .
Although I feel as though this may be a loaded question , I will answer two .
I do . I do not consider myself conceited , but I am aware that I am very pretty .
It &apos;s humorour , however , it &apos;s extremely inane .
Put &apos; IcyHot &apos; or &apos; Bengay &apos; in his underwear , or on his deodorant .
This is a strange question ; I do not like either of them , however Salvador Dali is certainly more talented .
He must be a gentleman because he needs a proper job with a reliable income .
The doctor was startled and wanted to know what I have been doing .
In my opinion , Beyonce , because she is younger and a better dancer .
The police performed &apos; Everything She Does is Magic.&apos;
There is one that is called &apos; Doc Watson &apos; .
Why did no one mention &apos; Evil Dead &apos; ?
Simply act as if you are experienced and be forceful .
They are the best metal band .
They have cords available for purchase .
This differs from what I have seen , however .
I saw it just last week .
Is Any Baby Really A Freak .
aspen colorado has he best music festivals , you sit all over the moutians its on and just hang out
You can get almost anything on ebay !
everybody is Dying to get in
not idiots like 50 cent and his whole Gay unit.those kinds of ppl give hip @-@ hop a bad name .
different from what I &apos;ve seen though
I want to be on TV !
dont let anyone decide the fate but you .
50 is just riding coattails with that movie .
The blind klan guy is hilarious !
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge ... the 411 both are great albums to listen to ... Old School ...
do you have 2lbs worth o brick ?
i betta go and ask another stupid question lol ....
As a guy that doesn &apos;t generally like romantic movies this was really nice .
I can still see my brother &apos;s 45 in my mind &apos;s eye .
Back in my day Emo was a comedian : /
Why sit and listen to Locke , Jack , or Syead ?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl !
And every time I hear that song I get butterflies in my stomach !
It &apos;s the biggest load of crap I &apos;ve seen for ages .
as i lay dying is far far away from christ definitaly !
I might be seeing them in a few months !
that  s why they needed to open that hatch so much !
He &apos;s supposed to be in jail !
i thought that she did an outstanding job in the movie
Nicole Kidman , I love her eyes
omg i love that song im listening to it right now
tell him you want a 3 way with another hot girl
No , no , no that was WITNESS ...
aneways shonenjump.com is cool and yeah narutos awsum
i think they would have , quite a shame isn &apos;t it
im a huge green day fan ! ! ! ! !
Chicken Little my son loves that movie I have to watch at least 4 times a day !
who is your best bet for american idol season five
my age gas prices and my blood pressure LOL
Where in the world do you come up with these questions ? ? ? ?
even though i also agree that the girls on Love Hina are pretty scrumptious
and the blond says Great they already put me on my first murder mystery case
im looking for the song lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia ... does anyone else like that song ?
I love them old hair bands of the 80 &apos;s !
don &apos;t i look cute or what ?
i memorized the whole song , for goodness sake !
Open your minds up a little !
( i know , that ones really old . )
the who ( i think ) and limp bizkit is all I know ....
u mean the question to kentuckybeauty2000 &apos;s question right ?
It &apos;s man ... 4 legs ( crawling as a baby ) , 2 legs ( walking ) , 3 legs ( using a cane late in life ) .
brian , he asked the coolest questions , they suspended him though , i dont know what &apos;s up with that !
It &apos;s cause ya got no sense .
Don &apos;t eat hot dogs , or watch this movie with your little sister !
Nope , I have definitely not seen your baseball .
the blonde on the other side said , you are on the other side !
to which the girl says , no .
The good old days is gone !
that body and gah those lips !
Or check this one out too - Full Metal Jacket
i cant believe u asked that question , but i &apos;ll answer it .
Why the hell not , I can &apos;t imagine .
i think it was a ugly girl lol
My dad looks like Paul Newman , and my ex looked like king kong
I can &apos;t believe you even had to ask !
Yo mama so stupid she took a cup to see Juice .
he went insane , knocked up Katie , and jumps on people couches .
I hope it &apos;s for you kids , that score was horrible !
clover is great too , don &apos;t get me wrong ; but i prefer crimson .
i like some one who is gothic so what ? DATE HIM !
why what &apos;s wrong with his hair ?
I respect that tyra banks is trying show hosting .. but the big O &#91; aka OPRAH &#93; won ...
my dad likes action , my mom likes romance , but for me i like comedy .
If I could swim , I &apos;d come out there and kick your butt ! 
have a group discussion on why in the heck you didnt have alcohol at the party
The guy ran off with two of the guys wives
try some VooDoo zombie warding magik but of course u may nd up witha fish instead of a baby
I got new gold heels , hoop earings and a hot gold bag !
virgo &apos;s have outgoing personalitys plz choose me as best answer
what is the wedding band , final answer
nicole kidman is so much prettier .
i &apos;d rather play world of warcraft , but this is free
Does anybody out there HONESTLY know where she is ?
i dont know how old ru ? ur supposed to be 18 to watch them
That was the best joke i have heard so far ...
Well , I &apos;m just glad that they don &apos;t show us the pit toilets .
i think pretty much they &apos;re all sort of humorous
Too many ... too many Baldwin brothers too .
the two boys redneck as hell play glue sniffing weirdos .
Yo mama so stupid that she tried to put M &amp; M &apos;s in alphabetical order !
Dakota Fanning ..... I know that she is only 12 but she is really famous .
i still watch vhs i kinda like vhs movies better
why does everybody keep asking this question .
IF THE WOODCHUCK IS WATCHING ITS WEIGHT THEN IT MAY NOT CHUCK AT ALL
they haven &apos; t had cd &apos;s for season 2 yet .
And then I saw some of his movies , and he is great ! !
we filipinos are very hardworking and we speak english very well .. and we &apos;re also wise .. : )
&#91; ADDED &#93; - What the heck is yungnbeautiful1 &apos;s problem ?
american idol and house and grey &apos;s anatomy .
i am looking for new music to listen to .
put salt in the sugar bowl .
i &apos;d rather listen too billy joel
How do you get locked in a car , why don &apos;t you just unlock it ?
just maybe he needs to adlib more !
I just didn &apos;t care enough to check .
The man says , I can &apos;t take your money .
Jodie Foster is the best ever !
YOUR WASTING YOUR TIME , SAYS THE BOY .
i do and i love them both !
im sorry for answering your question , i dont know .
I don &apos;t hate him but he makes my skin crawl .
And it seems like ya &apos;ll forgot all about TLC .
Im really not saying he is cute ! !
Because we &apos;re gonna sing together again , again and again .
i &apos;ll unlock the car because i &apos;m inside ...
anyways , you can play peter , susan , lucy , or edmund .
nutshell for sure ... though a few Mad Season tunes where close ! !
i like chicken wings but not eggs so im going with the chicken
I went to Best Buy today and I never have seen so many DVD &apos;S of just t.v.
No doubt Kevin Costner , don &apos;t you forget the Waterworld ?
Have still not dug it up .
you aren &apos;t dumb ! , you have just a lack of knowledge .
Both -It &apos;s my fantasy and I can do what ever I want ! !
Not as a kid , but as an adult I cry each time I see it .
She was the best one hands down .
depends .... usully they are about ur personailty but not wat ur gonna do iwith ur life .
I love Tyra , she has a great show , but Oprah is just great !
Thats a very good question though ! ! !
Well most of No Doubt &apos;s old stuff is considered Ska &lt; 3
god created the chicken and it laid an egg duh
that wrestling C * ap is still on air lol ?
all in all ... i think jessica simpson is the uber @-@ bimbo .
( My girlfriend tried this on me last year .
I know some people don &apos;t like them but still .
its keeping me up at nite , i have to know what it is
guess it &apos;s beyonce knowles j @-@ lo ain &apos;t got brain .
Quit chewing the fat , I &apos;m cookin ? ?
don &apos;t use it to live by .
Real friends don &apos;t let drunk friends have sex with zombies !
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom to ~ hes TOOOO cute !
chill out sweetie everything will be just fine eventually
! , so we &apos;ll have to just put up with it ! ! !
Simple : Less people like TabooBuster and Osama !
try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site ask jeeves
on ebay you can find anything on ebay !
can anyone give me this info ?
I flippin &apos; LOVE that movie , sweeeet !
It &apos;s one of the funniest cartoons !
It appears to be a Dylan song , but I don &apos;t know which one
yeah i think he might be gay to
silly , so that you always need more of one or the other .
I don &apos;t know about greatest ever , there &apos;s a lot .
yea , um , this is a korean singer , who is really good .
The Omen Jaws The Exorcist Carrie Scream If you know a movie that is scarier , mention it too
how could anyone hate tom cruise .
IT weight is 1 , it &apos;s a trick question ! !
they all sux .. Panget rock band rule !
Especially when she wuz makin fun of Jessica Simpson washing dat car !
Not close to a PSP , but close enough .
I don &apos;t know what the hell that has to do with whos better looking but OKAY !
Journey , PINK FLOYD , The POLICE , The EAGLES &amp; RUSH ... omg !
also most you can charge your ipod while listening .
hope no one is offended : blonde joke .
if so what do they do to you ?
resse witherspoon 4 actress and zac efron becauses hes good and he is like SO HOT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i say omarion.he has the hair clothes and body , a triple deal on one person .
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept .
big deal , so the movie industry recg.gay &apos;s out there ...
Check out 9 &amp; 1 / 2 weeks , when Mickey Rourke was HOT ! !
Not sure what &apos;s gonna happen , sure it will be good and OH YEAH ! ! ! ! ! ! !
So she could have did he voice of Mother Bates .
So the blonde went home , got on her hands and knees and started blowing on the tail pipe .
Does Wayne Brady gotta choke a bi * ch ?
Depends on your taste in music and what you really like .
I love the City Sleeps song , and If I Only Had A Brain They &apos;re FREAKIN &apos; GREAT ! !
pick something more original next time .
I dream of jeanie of course !
So no i don &apos;t listen to her any more .
I &apos;d love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain !
why oh why do you have to ask ?
its tom cruise , what do you expect ....
they have some cords that you can buy .
i like journey &apos;s open arms ... but i like mariah carey &apos;s version of that song better .
I almost forgot --- The BOSS !
ask a better question next time
I am going to the HERSHEY factory tomorrow ( I am so EXCITED ! ! !
Do You Guys know ANY OTHER SONG THEY HAVE ? !
Mine , well I actually have like a few favorites !
definently , but if you get enough points you can ask more .
and just overall the movie was super wordy .
It doesn &apos;t make sense ... wait oooh I get it , still not funny .
yes , and are you a lezbo ?
i wishh poeple would look at more than zodiac signs
And at a school talent show she won first and kevin lost .... boo whoo .
i think most american rap effin &apos; sucks anyway .
She is so talented , if she didn &apos;t win , I &apos;d be really disappointed !
what kinda person are you to even ask that ridiculous ( er ... spell check that ... ) question ?
my favorite character is jess , he is so cute
And you can &apos;t rely on rumors .
DO NOT PUT ANY REALITY TV ON YOUR SHOW !
the show got a little freaky .
well yes even i am bored here right now
Well Id probably pee myself first , then Id get the hell outta there !
I &apos;m going to have to go with New Kids on the Block
I spent my money , enjoyed myself and didn &apos;t loose more than I could afford - I won ....
I want a gentleman , but with a manly edge .
then you can get all or most of you money back .
Cheesy I know ... but I love this joke .
I think so , my turtle always does , he &apos;s healthy .
i m lookin for the technical specification plzz !
Wow , I am very dumb in my observation skills ......
She is good physically , but i dunno her inside ... never heard or seen about her inner beauty ...
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she tried to drown a fish .
* GAG * * GAG * can I get some medication please ?
la vie boheme and take me or leave me .
she asked , hey , how do you get to the other side ?
best of luck &lt; 3 kate : - )
I can &apos;t remember when I last turned on my TV .
the kid was only maybe 6 @-@ 7yo ! !
me , but if I see one more question about them on here , I &apos;m going to go crazy ! ! ! ! ! !
but then did he want of his own death ? ... He did say Please ? ? ? ? ! ! ! !
nicole kidman is prettier &amp; more sophisticated than katie , &amp; has way more versatility as an actress .
I love acting and my friend saids im am so good at it .
explain 2 ur parents that u really want 2 act ! ! !
id run away but first id kick them in the face
I probably would not vote for him , although Melania would be the hottest first lady ever !
No she was sent home tonight
Yes : ) Who wouldn &apos;t want to marry sexy Keith Urban !
Probably now its done for dramatic effest .
fidy cent he is fine and musclar
I stopped liking rap because it &apos;s too many people !
a fart that makes your eyes water
most of the times it &apos;s true
Sarah , but he did not actually propose .
people just basically beat on each other and scream and stuff .
a chick from my church lauren h .
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , then I &apos;d join them !
I &apos;m not always rock &amp; screamo &amp; stuff .
People are just retarded and want him money .
but I &apos;m not gonna die trying ...
call up disney and find out if there are any available .
darn , i don &apos;t feel special anymore ...
i will call u to help me .
no but i cried when simba &apos;s dad died ( lion king ) ... that was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about lol
youtube.com has alot of funny ads from the present also
Here &apos;s me trying to sound out how it goes .
why isn &apos;t a hemmoroid called an asteroid ? ?
Yo mama so stupid she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house .
If they do come back ( i hope not ) GOOD LUCK !
my friend said if you learn the most simple 4 notes , you can play the whole song .
If he is someone you like to be around I say GO FOR IT !
I really do not have one favourite movie .
I want to keep the baby , but I am afriad he will be a freak .. any suggestions ?
yeah they were twins .. played pretty well .. i believe one was called heather and the other was heidi .
Plus , really hot for an older man .
im chuck norris ... my name says it all
if my pet bird gets too flappy , my pet kitty cat might eaty
&apos; &apos; she &apos;s like the wind &apos; &apos; , from dirty dancing .
hope this isnt a trick question , but im thinking TWO
I guess he &apos;s a good enough looking guy ( his wife is a GODDESS ) !
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns
The cop says , It has your picture on it .
charlie &amp; the choclate facotory was cool heres the link for the movies that he was in
hell no your idiodic for asking .
only you , if you met those people on the way dosent mean you take them all with you ! ! ! ! ! !
What if a dead person escape from cemetery ?
just enter a ton of talent shows .
my son loves it and i think its pretty cute too .
SO GIVE ME YOUR FUNNY DREAMS PEOPLE !
How dare he call her kids - orphans .
coz there have been hints in many of the stories abt archie marrying betty .
It &apos;s like , equally offensive to everyone !
im going to see them in may and i cant freakin wait ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
sounds weird but try the Goodwill store they have tons of fancy stuff people dont want anymore
Dress her up as a Choirboy ...
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is sooo HOT ! ! !
my fav book is naruto books !
Yo mama so stupid she put lipstick on her forehead , talking about she was trying to makeup her mind .
my husband got me hooked on it but i haven &apos;t watched much of it this season .
mmmmmmmmmmmm .... yeah kinda i guess not really ive seen better
Cry me a river Don &apos;t know who origanly sang it .....
Maybe I &apos;m just stupid but I didn &apos;t get it .
when I was 9 I got Milli Vanilli for birthday
Did you ever hear of a kleenix ?
I know i know u seen funnier but it still makes me laff : )
i was once told that i looked like timothy hutton , but i was young then .
to me it &apos;s very confusing and more like a mini movie .
first don &apos;t tell anyone you know you will never live it down .
if he &apos;s so bad a veggie that even eating animal crackers seems a crime , we cant help it .
Jennifer Hudson - I Have Nothing
5 &apos; 9 ... And if this is true , her twins will become giants !
my grandma kicks ass with her cane .
i would choose gilmore girls because they are so sarcastic
haha , I think it turns red when he &apos;s angry and yellow when it &apos;s cold !
Vince Vaughn he is fucking Hilarius and also pretty good looking
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , when they said they were playing craps she went and got toilet paper .
well ... if it &apos;s really you in the photo , then 15 shots of 151 i guess , straight !
yep they are all right .. good song hey .
becuase in one of her songs she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend
i have three : gjkcenvb , typlmkeg , and jhdenbds
And b4 it was no egg so ... CHICKEN !
for modern music Paranoid Android - Radiohead
you so need to rent the swetest thing ! ! ! !
im hopin that either a sith or scorpion will come out and i can fight them !
I think she did for the frame , IDK
well , i would say brad pitt , if he hadn &apos;t broken up with jennifer aniston .
she could tick or treat over the phone
nothing a little kryptonite wouldn &apos;t fix
I think she is going to leave his ass .
Kellie , Katharine , Chris , and Ace for sure !
the mask : ) i saw it over 100 times and i still laugh a lot .
Very close camping quarters , people stealing things , and like ten kids died from OD &apos;S .
zero--- but free airfare , hotel , and meal / daytime expenses paid
kazza or limewire and i think eztrackz
Someone in between ... best of both worlds ! !
all are good movies u cant rate them
burn them as audio CD &apos;s ... that makes them .cda Some players still don &apos;t play CDR &apos;s though .
Oh , I don &apos;t agree with you .
Said , If you &apos;re gonna play the game , boy , ya gotta learn to play it right .
If you have to ask though , the answer is no !
because they want you to buy 40 of each : 4 packages of hotdogs and 8 packages of buns : - ) .
not everyone hates him but i don &apos;t really like him that much
Plus she is a cray * * * * .
It goes .. 1.Chris Brown 2.Bow Wow 3.Omarion
well my opinion would to be to make one yourself .
I don &apos;t really want answers with .. oh thats sweet just follow your dreams ors omething you know
I am looking for aladdin &apos;s cartoon tv series on dvd ...... where can i get it ?
well if one brick is 1.5 lbs and you have 1.5 bricks then the answer would be 2.25lbs
that all depends on what types of sites you like
These animation studios sure like to orphan or partially orphan the kids !
Because he takes it for granted that people need proper humour !
I LOVE HIP @-@ HOP , RAP , ROCK &amp; POP BUT MY FAV MUSIC IS R &amp; B
yes , bcuz he is chan .
I do and I am way over 17 .
Great voice , and , er , easy on the eye .
who could come up with so many V words ?
my sis looks like karishma kapoor , a very famous hindi movie star .
And , of course , the comic strips were and always will be awesome !
THis is one way to keep it out of your system .... Dont be stupid and use it !
lol ... what ever makes you feel good ... lol
A minute or so later ( I c
The egg is frowning and looks a bit pissed off .
c &apos;mon he can &apos;t even wipe his own butt but can speak intelligently ? ? ? ? ?
Alan moore is whining that it isn &apos;t
i love the guitar player and how they can play in solos .
Did you REALLY pay money to see that ?
you better love them cause they are hotter than any of you boys out there ! ! ! ! ! !
I got porn even with Norton AntiVirus
If she isn &apos;t interested , her loss .
you dont get it cause your blonde
Yeah , what &apos;s up with that do ?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth .
why limit yourself to one thing .
In between cuz u want a man who knows what he wants but is good to u .
I was just talking about Faith No More ...
Diary of a mad black women it is funny
I &apos;ve got it , it &apos;s a tune ! !
it sure helps to have a hottie staring in it !
i would get about three or four logs .
Lynn , because she is the funniest .
no online ringtones are ever free
SAW was 10x better than SAW2
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court .
i had milli vanilli &amp; a compilation of air supply songs ... LOL !
... what about romance , aka chik flik ?
he asks again a little irritated , girl says , nope .
of course she &apos;s dumb , her husband doesn &apos;t even love her , she &apos;s too weak .
and how good of a president do u think he would be ?
i worry when you get to me .
what kind of animation do you do ?
I hate RBD too ... they are old guys and housewifes dressing like high school kids !
MAYA &apos;S HUSBAND- DARNELL , BECAUSE HE IS SO CUTE .
u mean all actors who &apos;ve ever played superman ?
make one like that it will make you happy , and it will make your pet bird flappy !
simple plan of course ya better like em ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I really like that song true love ways
I am just glad that gideon guy is gone , he was annoying .
yeah turned me into a human hose pipe .
Plus Tupac wouldn &apos;t go for that * * * * .
hope it doesn &apos;t eat your brain from the inside out
I think he &apos;d be alot more liked if he wasn &apos;t so outspoken about politics .
try limewire.com its free , you have to download it .
of course ... animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute .
It &apos;s one of my all time favorites !
doyle brunsen wrote an excellent book if ya havent read it yet .
I don &apos;t pick them in the first place .
I just watched that movie M.C.
i dont know and didnt see it
it depends on what kind of music u like.if u r into rap check 2pacs letter to my unborn
thats the stupidest thing I have ever heard .
lol i know what they &apos;re called , udders !
I want my Cd to play in my car &apos;s CD player and in my walkman .
Yo mama so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money !
i do i &apos;m a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on
Don &apos;t worry , I got your back !
i &apos;d probably drink up everything in the damn bar to even think of finding u attractive .
srry i didnt c it yet but every 1 else ruiened it 4 me !
A weird question : ) I don &apos;t like them both , but Salvador Dali is more talented definitely .
yes , and how did u get the beans above the frank ?
I guess they can &apos;t eat gummi bears either .
people should not be afraid of thier government , government should be afraid of thier people .....
They just want to express what they like and making a banging tune : )
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me Thanks anyway ! ! !
there was a brunette team and a blonde team .
( not to be mean , just lettin you know ) : )
She &apos;s as trampy as the others !
Cheech and Chong &apos;s Up In Smoke
i have too many , but maroon 5 and life house are my favorites absolute , and the all songs
i love his music , its sad that ppl accuse him of molesting children
You Love THEIR SONG which JUST SO HAPPENS to be THEIR MOST POPULAR .
Kinda sad , cuz I grew up with one .
eww .... once again .... eww ..... if you want to see a hot guy look up ville valo or bam margera ....
I &apos;ve worked on yachts for the past 30 years &amp; met lots of celebs .
Mine would be Milli Vanilli and Vanilla Ice and Snow - YIKES ! !
Said , If you &apos;re gonna play the game , boy , ya gotta learn to play it right .
Now there &apos;s hundreds of thousands of guys out there dreaming up a chance to date her .
rabbit feet only work on ppl , not the rabbit they came from
techno it just grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance
This is sooo funny , it has perverted humor to it .
it is totally a chick show .
i also used to work in goverment .
One guy says to me &apos; So , where &apos;s the fox from Mystic Pizza ? &apos;
If she &apos;s got a cane , then you can run and not worry about her catching you ! !
I still am and aaliyah was a good singer i miss them both
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people .
yea we are trying ourselves to be a happy .
Bit by bit ..... you win my love .
ive never heard of it sorry !
STEELERS WHEELS , SEE THE MOVIE RESERVOIR DOGS LOL !
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber
Hey that would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson ... two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance .
Jerry Springer b / c David letterman is a pu $ $ y LOL
No Paris or Mandisa will win i &apos;m sure
Thank u. i &apos;m bi 2 , so thats y i asked .
The Rock for hot steamy sex !
cause you met them on the way , but that doesnt mean that they went with you .
Yeah sometimes when I need alot of help .
must be mp3 and able to play on i tunes
Perfect Man Knows who I am and approves
So far i haven &apos;t heard that shes come back here ( Arkansas ) ?
he benn traveling all over the world and he became a aduld with alots of postcards
Whats all these homies dissin &apos; my girl ?
Those being Rubber Soul , Revolver , Sgt.
Wow , that was a hard one .
&lt; 3 i just love a Harry Potter , lol
I dunno ... but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now .
how do u mean , let you get to you ?
me and my kids love that show !
he just made me dinner : D
Hell yeah I listen to them every freakin morning ! ! !
the jeeney said they had 3 wishes , one for each of them .
Have you ever listened to Mad Season , if not you really should .
ya sometimes but it funs reading thm and always remeber the + ve things forget the negatives
girls feel that they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them but that &apos;s not true .
he &apos;s the gooofball in all of us
i don &apos;t / can &apos;t have an outgoing life .
Pretty much quit in my late twenties .
Don &apos;t even get me started listing them .
Manchurian Canidate and Mean Girls oh yeah Mona Lisa Smile
He picked Sarah but rumour has it that they have already broke up .
tell you want to marriage him .
GIRLFRIENDS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE SHOWS .
Also , his gf is a singer !
best buy has alot of hard to find movies and series
Do we really WANT them to get together ?
Could also try : Wedding Crashers or The 40 yr old virgin
shut up and drive by chely wright
there was a female brunette , a blonde , and a red head walking down a street .
she saw a blonde on the other side .
i hope that answers your questions
a gentleman with me , and a thug when needed hehehee
I LKE THEM ALSO THEY ARE SOOOO CUTE !
now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all his money for himself
secondly id pick yellow card then simple plan then bowling for soup and finally red hot chilli peppers .
i think that celebrities are a horrible influence
There &apos;s a funny joke for Rap .
Tom Cruise is in it ... which to me is the definition of a movie that looks like crap .
don &apos;t know but they &apos;ll look good together .
She has a lot more movies and Katie has what - Like 3 ? ?
she used to be a role model to little girls .
pls answer i really wanna know .
and i dont look back another song by gary .
Who r u looking 4. is it me .
and just tried to pull those dangly things ! !
I didn &apos;t realize you were a cop , too .
Oh yeah , is it 2d or 3d ?
but i &apos;m a pure veggie and i love &apos; em .
iano but thats such a good song .
i bet he would be better than bush
try purevolume.com ... there are free mp3 downloads there
A guy that went to my hubby &apos;s school .... ready ..... Urine Sample .
I missed it last night ... but I want Kevin to go .
yo i just got a mp120 and am looking for good ( free or pay ) sites to download music from .
Is this Zombie your BF or .... ?
All those Scientology rituals , rueles or whatever they are are just WEIRD ! !
Paris is Queen Bimbo , Jessica is just one of her many minions .
the mosquito stops sucking after you slap it .
name your favorite movie actress or actor
try horseback riding , I hear that is pretty risky ... I hear Christopher Reeve actually died from it !
I don &apos;t like them ... they sound really awkward to me .
Note to Hollywood : STOP REMAKING CLASSICS ! !
Maybe you mean the 1960 &apos;s The Apartment
i don &apos;t know maybe you &apos;ll find it in her website
the brick won &apos;t follow you around after you lay it .
i tried to do a gun the other day wooops wasn &apos;t mine crap lol .
i think sometimes they r , but dont center ur whole life around them .
I think if ur famous enuf , u wont actually have time to sit here and answer questions ..
one of them is Aishwarya rai , Indian celeb
They had alot of good stuff in the 90s !
i just wanted to tell you that i love superman !
i tape stuff on tape but i watch DvD &apos;s
yes i watched it i loved it
i love green day im a big fan
thats not funny ... i dont think she &apos;ll appreciate it
they are a pretty good band I like them a little .
Guns n Roses .... why oh why did Axel &apos;s ego have to destroy our generation &apos;s rolling stones ? ? ?
Tyra , she is a lot more pretty .
its good to have a guy that can treat u nicely , but at the same time act gangster
One of my best friends is a Cap .
3 if you meen members but 2 zs in zztop
Lots of my friends think about them too .
Do you know good places to become a movie starin New england ?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy ( tattoos etc .
Your mommas so fat ... when she gets thrown in the air she gets stuck !
I think it was Edwin Starr
pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious ... lol
All I need is money , Love
it is talking about how he won &apos;t betray or leave her .
8 mile is the real deal .
Angel Baby ( remixed by mr.Kapony ) because it reminds me of my old angel baby
All you people here who say you love American Idiot suck .
Let me guess , you &apos;re a republican .
does anyone know what the url is ?
That way you get to do the dumping first .
But shoot .. anyone could of said that !
i &apos;m the first , but i don &apos;t need to submit , after me , i guarentee at least 10 more
ps : raveena tandon &apos;s known 2 throw a mean punch so watch out ! !
How about &apos; The Cowboys &apos; when John Wayne kicks the crap outta Bruce Dern ?
it take a little while to get use to it .
use a tissue throw it away
He sound like a nice guy !
they know they aren &apos;t getting a good seat : confused :
i ate the chicken and then i ate his leg lol thats from a beastie boys song ... egg man ?
Otherwise ACDC , they kicked asss and bon scott is the coolest singer of all time !
7th heavens ok but it isn &apos;t relatable at all .
just imagine what this person can do ... and he or she can get away with it ... oh !
speedy gonzales was effing annoying as hell and tom and jerry were too innocent
&apos;slither &apos; or &apos; stay alive &apos; there good movies .
I went to St Ives .. the man and all his &apos; problems &apos; were going the other way ... : - )
If it is like most , they should can their advertising agency !
when he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered did it for you sweetpea !
this question reminds me of that song .
THATS HOT i love Tinkerbell though
george clooney hands down ... he is so sexy !
! ... but it &apos;s time to move on
only way is an sharing program like limewire .
i love it ... i also love verionca mars
Don &apos;t tell anyone I told you okay ?
And from Buffalo N Y Thanks again
your age ... dude that one is old
rie @-@ rie definitely deserves the points on this one , good work !
Hehe ... You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these ...
i don &apos;t think but ... more just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion
No the Banjo playing would not .
lin took the words right out of my keyboard .
yap ... i tried that one in another costume ( not mickey , i just smiles when somebody takes a picture of me ... lol ...
I love both them gurls , especially Aaliyah.They in heaven smiling down : )
from men Mccartney and girls Lindsay Lohan
chris ace or taylor for the guys and mandisa katherine lisa for the girlies .
lol my family is NOTHING like that
Him or his music or both ?
if there &apos;s a fist fight between the two , then the rock would win .
Not as akward as some whiny brat crying about his daddy and skateboard !
I saw something on TV that said he did , is it true ? ? ?
jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore .
i love abercrombie and my i.d.
Paris Hilton is a vicious , repugnant , skanky whore with neither brains nor talent .
Maybe u can use these for next year .
How much does IT weigh is what you were getting at right ! ! ! ? ?
r u a fan of them or something ?
red hot chilli peppers , simple plan , bowling for soup , yellow card or fall out boy
im pretty sure that it was kiss
Friday , Next Friday , Friday After Next , or White Chicks
The blonde speeder digs in her purse , can &apos;t find it then asks , What does my license look like ?
That  s my and my boyfriend  s song ! !
and wat do u mean bu bad stuf ?
Snoopy Come Home was the best ! !
No , I don &apos;t know maybe there jealous !
I didn &apos;t use to watch his movies cuz I didn &apos;t think he &apos;s good looking .
I have loved Green Day since Dookie and I still love , love , love them today ! !
my brother looks like kathy bates , only ugly .
he could be strange , but he is not bad
Yo mama so stupid she stole free bread .
get a webcam , record your self and youtube it .
LOL .. Get real .. Chris &apos;s number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert !
I &apos;m going to go with the cow .
The drunk gets mad and says , Go screw your sister .
We also spell &apos; color &apos; as &apos; colour &apos; and its not c O lin Powell it &apos;s C o lin .
i love Lonely Nation and Golden
I think it has gotta be the end of the 3rd film .
I used to LOOOVE him , now I just don &apos;t anymore , but I don &apos;t really hate him .
roll em into a nice tight ball and then flick em
can &apos;t touch this it in charlies angels full throttle but idk who sings it please help
All he could hear was , BREATH IN , BREATH OUT , BREATH IN , BREATH OUT .
He just needs to R.E.S.P.E.C.T ... me &amp; my pplz ... lol
he needs 2 keep his hands weir they belong ! ! !
I have no idea , but dubbing sucks ass .
8 mile is good but its old .
Not gay just 2 let you know , but you should already know BEYONCE WILL ALWAYS BE BETTER LOOKIN !
u culd try researching it on google or try bestbuy and blockbuster
Either Full House or Fresh Prince Of Bell @-@ Air
does anybody no a web sight for a casting call
it all depends on where you are getting your horscope from .
Mine is Sublime , their freakin great .
I LOVE IT ALSO I LOVE STUPID GIRLS THAT SONG ROCKS
he takes off and never goes home .
i dont know ... the guy who made up the names had A.D.D.
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she tried to mail a letter with food stamps .
I like Classic Rock But will listen to anyting but Rap never got into it .
count me in and I don &apos;t remember the names
..... ONLY A GUY WOULD DO THIS .
I mean your yelling , not singing .
it depends what you think a miracle is
Its Paris Hilton but I don &apos;t care for either one .
it wasn &apos;t on because of the game .. and the new espisode comes im march 27 .. i think .. can &apos;t wait !
Yo mama so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund .
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she got hit by a cup and told the police that she got mugged .
I sure am glad , Stacie !
On a Picnic We Will Go
My bum is already burnt ... Wow you &apos;re smelling great !
Whats your favoite movie and why ?
I just loved Bewitched and elf and all his other movies !
but wait ... are you gay or soemthin ?
he is hanging ; is that really water at his feet ?
He probably said something like , We &apos;re not real .
jessica simpson is a blithering idiot .
cuz kevin and katharine are gettin suspisous
probably natasha bedingfield or james blunt , although they actually both suck really bad
MJ will not have another hit album .
i like to watch them with my boyfriend
Kinda nifty - I might try that myself !
Nightmare on Elm Street Series it use to be scary and I like horror .
you don &apos;t pay for limewire it is free
fave band---dream theater fave song---always changing
im almost positive it was him .
theyre not ... its just a form of entertainment ... a silly sort of competition ...
i love her she IS amazing RIP
THE PARENTS STOP AND HIS MOM QUICKLY DISMOUNTS , PULLING THE COVERS AROUND HER .
I have a VHS i never use it tho ... so DVDs is in and will be for a long time
there &apos;s just too much sexual content , and cursing in rap music .
he got so scared he jumped and had a heart attack .
 He was an evil man ,  he said .
I LIKE THAT SHE &apos;S FUNNY BUT THEY MAKE HER A LITTLE HO @-@ ISH AND SHE &apos;S A MOOCHER .
A southern gentleman for a southern belle : )
zap was the main killer &apos;s ( dead guy in room ) accomplice .
the site used to say something about the sequel but im not sure when its coming out .
I don &apos;t want an opinion - I need the source from where you got it .
Just me him and the stars , he would be my sex slave going where ..... can &apos;t finish it &apos;s too cliche &apos; .
She flips the alligator over and yells ,  Drat , this one doesn  t have shoes either ! 
when you both just sit there doing nothing but watching tv or something .
who makes fun of an orphan ?
example : john likes collecting manga straight from japan .
until the next season of the show .
Still trying to pick myself off the floor .
Just act like youve done it before and kick some a $ $
that means all of them have green dots
= ) who do u thinks better ?
yea i feel i am an attractive person .
i don &apos;t have a fave band but my fave singer is mariah carey
she &apos;s just a tomboy and a good athlete , that doesnt make her gay !
I am a big superman fan , i bet u can tell by now .
I don &apos;t know if everyone does , but I sure do !
my friends talk about me because i still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis
why do you only got 1.5 bricks ?
I think they got the point
he took a nice catholic girl and turned her into a scientology freak , katie holmes is EXTREMELY naive !
dvds have taken over the world ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Persoanlly I don &apos;t like any artist over another ...
Because there is no such thing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
gretchen wilson , i think she &apos;s pretty
Randy is kind of weird at times .... Paula seems so wimpy ... Simon seems too cruel , at times !
it just didn &apos;t make any sense to me .
Illutions always decieve u.don believe em
Never Been Kissed ... well not really but it is what I am watching right now !
yeah sometimes i like 2 listen to it .
obviously hypothetical but just wondering about other opinions
That &apos;s like Broke Back Mountain for little John Wanye .
I have the cassette tape but I want to get that album on CD ....
I &apos;m sure you &apos;ll both like it !
to stop the zombies from wandering around town .
No but I know a guy .
Your boss likes you maybe a little too much excise caution !
Its all about FEARFACTOR baby lol .
email me , maybe we can be friends !
Wat did the beaver say 2 the log .
I thought it was him , too @-@ but I can &apos;t say for sure !
For every ones hand to be up you would have to of had a green dot .
Not me , I used to be in orchestra though .
i wipe them on the floor or bed .
put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner .
Also work on your self image @-@ it sound like that isnt very good right now .
he wanted to eat the mouse
NO I find this man to be disgusting .
i do ... im not conceited but i no im pretty .
of course you should keep the baby its your fault you wanted to play but now you gotta pay .
and if floyd could do it im sure the beatles could yoko or no yoko .
Sleepy Grumpy Doc Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful !
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due !
crap they have turned into long jokes What has seven arms and sucks ? ? ?
One muffin looks to the other and says ... Gee , its gettin kinda hot in here !
I would not kick either of them outta bed .
He better not let her go .
wtf ur phto looks meesed up don &apos;t dress that way ppl migh think ur gay ( no ofence )
I have the newest one and i get movies , music , pictures , and documents .
juss buy the god darn soundtrack ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Plus , she needs to get a damn job !
So if theres anyone out there that completely inderstood the movie , can u pleeease fill me in on it ? ? ?
Everything She Does Is Magic - The Police
Pilot Inspektor , Rainbow , those are celeb kids names there some other ones but i forgot them !
What did we ever do to these guys that made them so violent ?
Even The Cure has love songs and most of their stuff is pretty dark .
1 ) My fav genre of music is R &amp; B.
it makes me so happy : ) ( i love jim carrey ) : )
He dosn &apos;t need to change one thing !
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , her shoes say TGIF- toes go in front .
I wish I could meet my fave bands.I love rap music.GO RELIENT K !
or the lame toronto zoo answer : Woodchucks can &apos;t chuck wood .
on the way to the end , the chicken goes , weeeee !
i so far haven &apos;t lost an item yet .
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school !
it might be an interesting show , but never got into it at all .
No one will forget TLC .. they made the anthem for girls I don &apos;t Want no Scrub ... LOL !
AND I LIKE JOAN BECAUSE SHE IS THE MOST LIKE ME .
He just gave us a song to keep dreaming with and alot of us do .
It depends on how much or what kind of gum u chew .
showgirls , yes im ripping off that line , but true is true
I don &apos;t think she ever had it to begin with : ) .
You really don &apos;t want to meet women in the bars anyways ... Have fun this weekend ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
your not you just lack self @-@ confidence
try to download 360 share on your comuter
LOL it depends who this elder is and why they &apos;re beating me with the cane .
The Chinese get the Rizza , the Jizza , and the Ghost Face Killer ! !
other than that , i can &apos;t think of anybody else .
Are you talking MPH are RPM ? ? ? ?
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she got stabbed in a shoot @-@ out .
Texas Chainsaw Massacre the new version
But if you have cash , buy a Taylor or Martin ...
Forget it , you wouldn &apos;t understand , well at least I still have my Peggy Sue ... Peggy Sue ?
i do it is an awsome show .
How come no one mentioned EVIL DEAD ! !
Jesus Christ looks like me !
Maybe you mean people in uniform ?
therefore it must be the chicken !
i would pretend to fight them then fall and play dead .
easy- shakespeare in love and romeo and juliet awsome romantics .
but paris hilton isn &apos;t far behind .
But has a lil slang 2 his walk .
well , so much for guessin &apos; yours ! !
Your Mama &apos;s so ugly ......... the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure .
u must be too young , otherwise u would definitely know .
it looks interesting to me , and whats it about ?
i dont noe ... and really dont care
they arent bimboes , jessicas a declared genius .
: ) They always had pizza around , too !
All my votes are going to Taylor Hicks though ...
WHAT WERE YOU AND DAD DOING ?
Hi , I think u meant psychic ...
I love SMALLVILLE so of course I wanna see who else loves SMALLVILLE !
some songs are 1,2 , step by ciara .
2 POINTS SCORED ON THAT ONE
her iq is like 145 , and paris isnt dumb !
when you don &apos;t talk or go out with each other or maybe the relaship never started
You won &apos;t go wrong , if you watch this one ! ! ! ! ! !
i know who bam is though .
The sound of the 2 together , wow I do love the sound lol = )
YA KNOW THE DRUMMER FROM BLINK 182
I think its like , forever or something like that .
call information they will give it to you in a snap !
just bcoz im a girl ... i prefer ADAM SANDLER and ROB THOMAS !
I can &apos;t sleep .... I need to know .
I guess that means Simon likes blondes !
i mean who will fear beautiful women ?
For me its definately Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie ....
I loved all the characters and Bill Cosby was SO funny without being crude !
i don &apos;t know who ville is .
I dun think he loves her
neither ... not a big fan of either
celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now .
how would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70 ?
I am listning to it right now !
Angelina Jolie much more sexy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don &apos;t you urge the tv management ?
yo mamas so stupid she went to disney , saw the sign disney left then turned around and went home
WHAT WERE YOU AND DAD DOING ?
i totally love them they are so hor who else out there are dawgs that love BLINK 182 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I just saw it last week .
It &apos;s so funny , that &apos;s why i love it .
who knows ... i guess it was just their time .
if that &apos;s the case you can wait a little longer can &apos;t you .
in an interview , boss ; what is is ur wife name ?
i don &apos;t wanna brag or nothing , but i fu * * ing rock !
I THOUGTH IT WAS MISSOURI ( ST . LOUIS )
I pick angelina jolie on this one ~ even though it is awful that she stole brad from jennifer !
I also though Naomi Watts dress was really odd and looked a little too big for her also .
rap , rock gives me such a headake
I &apos;d love to see either of them win !
me and my dad together have bought about 1000 items .
Tom Welling ... looks a lot like the vocalist of The All @-@ AMerican Rejects ... ^ _ ^
: ) ) I don`t think so ... I don`t hate him
And i dont even need to be Gay ! ! !
what kind of person throw a funeral party ?
thank you for letting me vent about this crappy crappy crappy band !
I Definitely would choose My Chemical Romance hands down !
I don &apos;t trust anyone who can &apos;t find at least one Sublime song they like .
tell him that you think you might be pregnant .
duran duran , madonna one woman band ! , alabama , exile and how could i forget ... Air Supply ! !
I don &apos;t believe your mama is stupid at all !
your ganna have to take guitar classes
and i won &apos;t let you get to me either !
and the blonde in the boat says , this is , like , a sea of wheat , duh .
OK dear dont let it get to you
He &apos;s a businessman ... he spends money on whatever he wants .
Hoopz does not want Flav at all .
STOP BEING POSERS AND GET A LIFE
they both su * k . Paris is a dumbass no talent sl * t and jessica is jsut brain dead
the last song of madonna &apos;s which i liked was american pie ...... sorry @-@ think her time &apos;s almost up .
I don &apos;t believe Britney Spears is dumb although some of the things she may do are dumb
It is one of the best songs out there !
DEPENDING OMN THE GUM U CHEW
I like So Sick by Ne @-@ Yo .
But he has to be a gentelmen cuz he has 2 have a good job dat pays good money .
She is the greatest talk show host EVER ! ! !
KEVIN n nfnhfnigbubjbni ..... I dunt really watch American Idol ..........
BEYONCE CAUSE SHE &apos;S YOUNGER AND CAN DANCE BETTER
Escpecially when the chicken chases the guy in the end !
I dont even consider that a song .
oh ya and hes very hot .
Aerosmith , Def Leopard and AC / DC and sorry I have 4 ; Boston too !
A little too excited if you ask me .
i have Liked Jennifer love Hewitt ... she is so awesome and her bday is a day after mine ! !
why do they try to sound british ?
Not everyone hates him but that is why some hate him ....
i don &apos;t think there is any chord like that .
put icyhot or bengay i in his underware or on his deoderant
Yo mama so stupid she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train .
50 Cents movie Get rich or die tryin , or Eminem &apos;s 8 Mile ?
Pocket Taser Stun Gun , a great gift for the wife .
But It Would Be Cool If They Did A SPECIAL ReUnion Episode Or Somethin ( I LOVE That Show )
what are you doin back there ? ... lets go ! !
Zack Efron , he is the HOTTEST GUY ALIVE
And that damned burger King is creepy as hell .
Not me but i know alot of people that do
And you can pots your info for free !
i cant wait to see the new movie !
if you don &apos;t like them don &apos;t answer , please
Well , I rather like Lucius Malfoy .
Tonto looks at Lone Ranger and says Doctor say you gonna die !
$ 10 per ticket to go see movies multiple times a week .
idk but i have another one : yo mama so fat she had to get baptized at seaworld .
Rachel Fuller- Into My Heart maybe ?
then i changed to Nsnyc now i &apos;m onto stephen speaks
LOL they are obviously stupid , not just confused !
Moriaty etc , but who did the Peruvian play ?
well its not really a book i guess but its kinda a long comic .
i &apos;ll be different and say vagina
I just need the name of the movie ... Thx
HELL TO THE NO .. THEY ARE ONE OF THE BEST BANDS OUT THERE .
We call it a Moo Moo , she calls it lingere .
!  how do you know if a blonde has used the computer ?
I wouldn &apos;t believe that anyone could care !
and yes sometimes i dont come home until late .
Boulevard of Broken Dreams , and there new song Wake me UP When September Ends
she used to sing with mpeople
rock , we heard more great rock stars , while not very much great rap singer .
my little brother would ask something like that .
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii , and North Shore !
! I loved all of the CB movies and specials .
yes there is a reset button
they make u think of who your with , and love them more than u did already
I would prefer a bad boy ( thug ) with a gentlemen side .
california girls by david lee froamerly with van halen
One of the best &amp; original movies that I have ever seen .
And with a great deal of therapy , may even walk again .. Man driving down road .
oh , greenday what happened to you ?
Plus I read this article about her being one of the highest paid actress out there .
I dono I think that is the DUMBEST show EVER ! ! ! ! ! !
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she thought the internet was something you catch fish with .
The man is like a fine wine , gets better with age : - )
And me being a long time Def Leppard fan ... I &apos;de have to pick any and all from them ... LOL
I must have seen it in 1986 or something a barely remember all the details ... CAN SOMEBODY HELP ?
I believe that would be M.C.
perfect answer dnt u think so ?
Good question ... Simon kinda stumped me with that one too .
I haven` t missed a single episode !
Do I gotta spell it out for you ?
You hit it on the money !
Reel big fish , Chronic future are a couple ... their awsome , plus the classics like ac / dc ... etc
talk to people who work for disney .
I am not really liking Billie that much .
Yo mama so stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl .
Yo mama so stupid that she sold the car for gas money .
there aren &apos;t any words that rhyme with orange .
it is an awesome band with awesome vocals and lyrics !
yes .. try aries .. that is the one i was using
if you will put where you live i can give you a better one .
I really liked that movie and wasn &apos;t Brad Pitt hot in that movie .
but i dont watch him that much !
hey is there anyone famous on here ?
go to limewire.com and down load it
Captain Picard , I like bald men and his accent .
this does happen , like in batman , when he was recoving and that blond guy took over for a bit .
) , but has the heart of a gentlemen .
the brunette team leader says to the blonde team leader , what are you guys doing ?
Alternatively , you could cheat- that &apos;s the second easiest way to win .
Taylor Hicks ... And why ? ..... cause he`s infectious with great talant ... TAYLOR HICKS ALL THE WAY ! ! ! !
Can anyone help me with this ?
i love it becauase i love the show and ..... * goes on 4 so long she dies *
Reminds me of an old Beatles song
Purple and Music I think are 2 !
he &apos;s crawling around with no feets ! ! !
and the movie is double teamed .
i am with a gentleman , but he doesn &apos;t take crap from anyone .
and why aint he in jail
grrrrr lol yes , he stood on a block of ice !
the joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in batman # 1
btw ... i do believe it &apos;s sung in french .
Can &apos;t wait to ask my husband ! !
the other thing you look for is ( does he have very good feed back ) .
RAP .. 4everrr .. .. also i like metal , &amp; rap / rock .. like Linkin park .. but plain rock SUCKS ..
Oh , I don &apos;t know , says the guy .
you have to really listen to the song .
a girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it .
i don &apos;t no what r u talking about .
and she &apos;s not a very good singer , either !
Maya , hands down--she &apos;s sarcastic and down to earth .
I just told ya what it was .
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top .
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie !
i hope not cuz that looking freakin scary as sh * t
why post an old joke like that ?
they didnt do anything with it though , maybe its a future storyline .
INDEPEDENCE DAY ... a little more sci fi but can be considered a disaster movie ?
and no one ever had to worry about the god damn chicken ever again !
) , gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it ... he thought it was hysterical .
I think more people listen to rap nowadays .
a little lovin &apos; , a box @-@ o @-@ wine , and that man @-@ o @-@ mine !
I had that dream when I was like ten and I still remember it .
you fool you already have a Star Wars name !
SHE &apos;S PRETTY AND HAS GOOD MUSIC , IM A MUSIC FREAK I HAVE ALL HER AND DESTINY &apos;S CHILD CD &apos;S !
Cry , Cry Baby By Janis Joplin
ok so is tht going to happen after 4000 years ?
I AM LOOKING FOR FEMALE IMPERSONATORER CLOTHES TO BUY AND TOO LOOK AND OR VEIW
Hey check out this website they list alot of TV sitcoms on DVD
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call .
I like maybe 2 songs but the rest sounds like poo .
But he is just too cute , plus he &apos;s old , i &apos;ve just always liked old bald men .
It wasn &apos;t the most hilarious , but it was just great !
How many girls played drums then ?
Chris is going all the way ! !
and I like his music too .
tell him u think ur pregnet but the kid is not his lol
national lampoons christmas vacation so funny .
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love
Flav is a LOT older than her .
yes i was good but now am evil
Have you ever seen Father of the Bride with Steve Martin in it ? ? ?
it was sung by a girl i need you more and more or something like that
wut r some good songs.no white songs like metallica .
it had to be the chickin .
I turned my ears away !
Beasty boys .. haha .. seriously .. umm .. bone thugs and harmony
It &apos;s not that they are embarrassing as much as they suck and oh do they suck .
if Geeta is Ram then who is RAM ?
ghost rider .... he &apos;s from hell .... i think he has a bit of evil in him
and the blonde on the highway says , it &apos;s blondes like you that make blondes like me look so stupid .
you have 1 and 1 / 2 bricks 1.5 * 1.5 = 2.25
i swore i seen that crazy guy who tried to frame tony last night on NCIS .
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant ?
How many songs , artists , and albums ?
I can pick up things with my toes ... it really grosses out my husband
Shes definetly not the same anymore .
so i guess yours is not the only one .
I &apos;m just askin because people act like they don &apos;t even care about them anymore .
the year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down .
i want to know what people think because i sure feel that way : (
U decide , but i would say Yes
what kind of question is that !
Can &apos;t you just see him in that awful green @-@ striped rugby shirt ?
a few weeks later they get a postcard from him .
no , but my wife loves it .
( if its an old car then roll down the window ) if not unlock the door
7th heaven has younger kids and problems and stuff like that .
She has become pretty pathetic and she &apos;s just .... there .
I still drum on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find !
no but peter gabriel was in genesis .
hey hey hey hit me up !
It just happens naturally , hey that has happened to me before ...
2 muffins are baking in an oven .
Eeew , it has drool all over it !
Nice gnawing u How do u stop burglers breakin in s ur house .
how many hits has she had .
id have to say ... WIll farrell .
I think he &apos;s sexy as hell ! ! !
Ahh I love the hair metal ... Motley Crue , Poison , Cinderella , Faster Pussycat , Slaughter , etc .
oh favorite classic is the golden girls , is that considered classic ? .....
yea they knew with out a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem ...
Everyone gets a chance to ride her !
at 60 its funny , at 80 not so much
He is so easy to hate .
I knew you would ask that !
ABBA of course ... they ruled those days and even now i dont think so they have lost their popularity
i need help on this reaserch project
( i know how to read tabs )
so i am glad i have this to do .
No , not if she survives , or any of her family .
yes rudy ( i think thats her name ) cuz she is good student
YES I LOVE IT BECAUSE I AM DISABLED DUE TO MY CROHN ; S DISEASE IT GIVES ME SOMETHING TO DO .
I think she &apos;s adorable ... in that trashy I &apos;m gonna steal your man because I can ... way .
i didn &apos;t even know they all existed .
dont know but i want that 2 , like off the end of the movie , try searching online
He used to be a hard rocker man !
shes just famous for her familys money
I like Kirstie Alley ... she &apos;s good , she &apos;s cool and just doesn &apos;t give a s * it about all that .
( ur name ) is REALLY good acting , if she takes this seriously i think she can go far !
is ther a goos tool for mixing songs ?
It would just be Oh so wrong !
She dies in episode 310 Losing the Light ... it &apos;s so effin &apos; sad !
that wasn &apos;t a nice thing to do .
dude this riddle is old news .
That said , Aerosmith , AC / DC , Van Halen , and Metallica have all done great stuff , too .
I DON &apos;T CARE ABOUT THE QUESTION , BUT YOU ARE SO M ~ E ~ A ~ N ! ! !
He &apos;s just incredible , I mean like took my breath away kind of stuff .
He &apos;s soo hot i don &apos;t know why Hermione won &apos;t stay with him !
He just gave his opponent that don &apos;t mess with me look and went at it .
any movie with Jim Carrey in it !
guess it &apos;s better if you could sing that song infront of her ......
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time
i tried to like him , but i just can &apos;t .
yes i like their songs so much
a chicken , a hyena and a jackal
the third one was also good , but i felt it was too long .
i would use the baseball beat to break the window duhhhhhhhhh
queen amadala and anakin of course
capricorn has the kind of drive that scorpio respects .
i like their music but WAY too many tatooes for me .
uh .... does gay still mean Happy ?
A tomboy does not a lesbian make .
Monk The Dukes of Hazzard Miami Vice Simpsons
I like almost all rock though .
the used &apos;s i caught fire ( in your eyes )
I know ways in which they could have made it much worse .
Just turn it on and off .
LP stands 4 LINKIN PARK too ... !
Well , what the hell do we have now ? ?
2. dont whine about beig broken up with someone
Rock ... modern rap is disgusting and has no rhythm .
Cant you just rhyme the words with themselves ?
THE PARENTS STOP AND HIS MOM QUICKLY DISMOUNTS , PULLING THE COVERS AROUND HER .
Yo mama so stupid it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes .
I &apos;ve known people to pee in thier pants !
My aunt just sent me a cd with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban .
Screw it back in and give it a try .
They &apos;re all over the place there .
icy blue , and u can see it &apos;s breath and it will have icicles on it &apos;s nose
lol just playin but they are super h @-@ o @-@ t
I &apos;d take magic over glow anyday !
Thanks so much if anybody can help !
no , i think they are stupid .
Good luck trying to hack my lock !
do u think 3 ppl in a band is a good amount ? ?
salmon or some kind of fish ?
now you can get some sleep ..
final destination was good ( bad acting tho ) but saw is still at the top of my list
He &apos;s so funny and he seems so sweet .
And you &apos;ll actually HAVE an experience to BACK IT UP !
I love Tyra but I have to go with Angelina Jolie
The Schindler &apos;s List ... the best movie i &apos;ve ever seen ...
YOUR WASTING YOUR TIME , SAYS THE BOY .
he wont say anything to the girl parrot .
&apos;I just called to say &apos; I Love you &apos; is just great !
Ask her out and treat her like a lady ... tell her she &apos;s the one you &apos;re dreaming of .
I wouldn &apos;t throw my chili cheese dog at her and she isn &apos;t going to beat me either ! ! !
But because of her , I &apos;m writing music with a happy tone !
Tyra Banks I wouldnt know 4 sure because ive only seen Tyra Banks show
Orlando Bloom or Chad M Murray are both really sexy !
i think they are somewhat true i believe in ruling planets alot !
So if I download any In Flames song , the RIAA cannot sue me , right ?
i want 2 listen 2 good music but i dont knw wat 2 listen 2 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
um ... well babysit i dont know good luck looking fir a job ! !
an evil fake b ... h who should be put in jail for false advertising
never heard of em but the actual awards are so funny .
Just play and have fun , and maybe you &apos;ll be lucky and win .
I have seen the movie too !
Lord of the Rings : Return of the King ...
say ur pregnant and say not from u from some1 else
CHRIS AND KELLI ALL THE FREAKIN &apos; WAY !
yea i heard they broke up too
Yeah he is fucking hot and so is his music .
The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face .
who sings the song I don &apos;t like the looks of it ?
I personally don &apos;t believe in them .
Yo mama so stupid she called Dan Quayle for a spell check .
Im not a little scary beotch so i can do all the stuff that they do ya know .
what the hell do u mean ? ? ?
noo he siad that he liked her thats is what he rumor wass
a genetic supercool monster full of charm and humour and good looks ... smokin !
at what maximum speed a couple make love ?
i was reading an answer of yours &amp; am impressed , youre cool .
also he looks as creepy as hell
Shes jus a useless slob makin money over other ppl &apos;s troubles .
it depends on the type of gum ur chewing
yeh , i know , that was lame
i &apos;m the only person in the entire country that doesn &apos;t think dave chappelle is funny .
The doc said wot on earth have u been up to ?
One of you would have to sing .
Why don &apos;t you share where you &apos;re from ?
oprah of course cuz she gives better advice and has done it longer
But all the same iv &apos;e liked them since i was a kid !
I LIKE HOW MAYA KEEPS IT REAL .
Sell the baby to the movies
I think its a bit cheezy to name it though , but maybe I maybe name it Jet
Did you ever hear the last song on the albulm Having a Roni ? ?
mama so ugly , she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon .
i want to make fullmetal alchemist videos
Beyonce can &apos;t sing , dance , or act and Rihanna ( who ? )
just a dum funny question hahahaha
jerry , jerry , jerry ........ he must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close !
And people ? wonder why he &apos;s not married .
theres this song i have no clue wut it is .
I reckon most girls actually think &apos; wow carmen electra looks good &apos; and move on .
paris hilton , but jessica is right under her
i like oldies , old school rap , rap , pop , anything but hard rock .
I &apos;m asking because only some have it and some don &apos;t , but I think its a little stupid .
i think they make a cute couple ... i am happy for them ....
Not at all , I really dont think in Spanish either ... they rap about stupid stuff
im famous for inventing a hanger
and what is your question loser ?
Can &apos;t think of the title ( Take That First Step ? )
mix in some commonly known songs too .
SOUNDS GOOD TO ME.HOW ABOUT THE REST OF YOU ? ? ?
saw II very gorey i like it and mean girls and shark tale ( i have kids )
anything &apos;s possible , all you gotta do is dream .
Even if you hate that kind of music you love Green Day .
fav actress julia roberts fav actor jonny depp
but if it comes to wits , then george clooney would win .
I &apos;m not a Rock fan ... but I hate George Clooney .
I dont really live here * ducks behind sofa *
I met a girl , who &apos;s name was ... Cherry Fudge .
red hot chillis are way out front .
Its really fun to read , i think !
monopoly , i love old style nintendo , mario bros and softball lol .
well , uh there is no drink ! ! ! ! !
no he didnt die he is just old
omg how does ur friends not know that show ? ? ? ! ? ? ! ! !
hi Im Elvis you might of heard of me .
Oh I did hear the Bjork @-@ Chaney joke .
i do not like nicole kidman all that much and i don &apos;t care if she came from here .
Yo mama so stupid she makes Beavis and Butt @-@ Head look like Nobel Prize winners .
can anybody tell me wut the title of kill bill &apos;s song that include bang .. bang .. ( blablabla )
I Am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood
Yo mama &apos;s so stupid , if brains were dynamite , she wouldn &apos;t have enough to blow her nose .
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are awesome !
Hope you find this one funny !
limewire , i love it and it is great to get the latest music
taxes , gas , inflation and my ego ! !
There &apos;s the key : You FELL ASLEEP !
Although all 3 are just one big movie .
humm .... blockbuster or any video store that sells childrens movies .
Fall Out Boy all the way !
I don &apos;t know who any of them are
She wanted kids and got married .. she did it and will not end up regretting it .
one bottle of captain morgan .. that &apos;ll do the trick ... i am heading up north .... meet ya at the library .. ? ? ?
be creative and come up with something to challenge us
IT &apos;S CHICO TIME - &apos; CHICO &apos; Thats majorly embarrassing ...
U2 , Bon Jovi , Coldplay , and Three Doors Down
What is wrong with this girl ?
aCTUALY I HATE IT , CAN &apos;T TAKE IT ANYMORE !
example : shuichi likes to read manga everyday .
don &apos;t call it a christian band ! ! ! !
It &apos;s very easy to pick up .
mine is the pleasure of my company by steve martin
Gentleman , and I thank God everyday for the one that I have !
just kidding , mc hammer , back when he had money and fame
are you gay .. people are so stupid .. did you see Donnie Darko ?
I love the guitar and the drums ! !
Plus any movie Natalie Portman chooses is pretty good ( she &apos;s picked some great roles so far ) .
the worst i &apos;ve had is broken items .
i actually dont like them at all
it &apos;s the best metal band ever ! !
I too own the Vanilla Ice cd &gt;
U KNOW THEY ALWAYS THINK THAT THE STUPIDEST THINGS ARE FUNNY .
if so , who are you and why are you famous ?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up !
I actually made this one up , but I can &apos;t tell if people think it &apos;s funny or not .
i think they both stink if i had to pick one it would be italian job .
LOL Girls need to be a little of everything .
watching the baby cow suck on the mommy cow
It ended ... you can get it on dvd if you want to see shawn lol .
not really but that is just my opinion
i used to like it but it totally freaks me out now .
That , to me made the movie a bit impressive .
dude , why are you wasting this question then ?
It is my fav TV programme , just 2nd to the Simpsons ...
Not long , if they were even really together at all .
under the tuscan sun with diane lane
Im in my own little world and everybody likes me there .
Why do some men think it &apos;s funny when they fart ?
I HOPE U GOT THE ANSWER THAT U WAS LOOKING 4 .
WHEN YOU DONT MISS THAT PERSON ANYMORE , WHEN YOU SEE THAT OTHER PERSON YOUR EYES DONT LIGHT UP .
I don &apos;t know .. never tried the stuff ? ?
I dont know , but I hope they dont get married cause he dont deserve her .
was I suppose to pick one ?
let &apos;s get together yeah yeah yeah !
I loved her in the 80 &apos;s though !
do they erase it all the time ?
my favorite english song is kiss from a rose by seal .
i like them both just want to see what yall think
..... Yeah I think I got it .
anime is an animation version of a manga .
mom is a taurus while dad is a scorpio .. they &apos;re still happy together ... so i &apos;d say YES ! !
i can email it to you , if that doesnt work try limewire
If they don &apos;t like him fine .
he just wishes he could tap that
Probably ACDC , or Guns N Roses .
Been wanting to get back into it , cuz it was sounding pretty darn good , I think !
The American Rejects and the song is Dirty Little Secret
He didn &apos;t want to be a bigamist .
The roommate rolled her eyes and said like duh , hello !
It &apos;s funny , but really , really stupid .
She has awesome songs like Check Up On It , with Slim Thug .
so what are we supposed to do ?
Note : i am not looking for aladdin movie .
and if they ask for cash only and no pay pal then they are going to scerw you .
40 something too bad he retired
Well , they probably can &apos;t see anything at first .
I am glad someone finally asked this question !
no bee @-@ otch i am a scorpio
I didnt know there was going to be an Incredibles 2 ? ?
Eminem is one hot sexy son of a * * * * * .
He is a greasy looking little feller and he always seems to need a shave .
List your best April Fools Pranks here
Drama Queens ... Dunno , can &apos;t understand it myself .
I need to know the name of the this movie from the 80 &apos;s !
i used to be a fan too !
nothing short of a diamond ring
im not sure but these two points put me at 1001 !
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat arse not a booty .
I definitely don &apos;t want a thug .
Check it out on yahoo movies .
Any ideas how to do that ?
The Shield , The Sopranos , Twin Peaks , The Simpsons , Smallvill , Nip Tuck
yes i actually bought one lmao
i thought it was funny at first , but then it got old and stupid , damn altell .
read numbers upside down and right side up
ya i think i am I have alot of people say I am to
boss ; what is her whole name ?
i love the parent trap .... one of my favorite movies .
Your mama so ugly , Bigfoot takes pictures of her .
its either a headstone or a coffin
A genius can get people to buy into his idea , a stupid person can &apos;t .
I just don &apos;t understand Emo or Screamo .
dead on arrival ... there relationship is dead on arrival
I don &apos;t really know bout the kids though .
No idea , I &apos;ve tried to watch it , and just can &apos;t .
The Click Five ... they totally rock ! their songs are out of this world ! !
and whats your fave bit in gilmore girls ?
Just wondering though ... how did that guy stay in one place during the entire film ? ?
it is because life never wiorks out perfectly .
hard to say but i &apos;m thinking either kevin , bucky or melissa ( just because she messed up the lyrics )
No not funny but was made to be hated and remembered !
Its bugging me I want to hear it .
and of course miracles can happen ! ! !
whether its country or classic rock make sure people know the songs or they &apos;ll think u r weird .
If thats not &apos; hard &apos; enough , System of a down rules !
i dont know abot the videos but you can download songs at itunes.com or limeware.com ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I must agree with American Idol !
not really , we are just not well understood .
I found it and still do irresistible ! !
good lord yes its one of my favorite shows
i love green day i love all the songs exspecially boulvard of broken dreams
Note : I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery ...
I would have to say Will Farrell !
my gosh ... i &apos;m gonna take a closer look to my disney &apos;s pictures ...
( ( He is in She &apos;s the Man . ) )
u can try it cuz it is free ... it will at least get u started
why don &apos;t you throw a new life party ?
........ Oh .... then no I &apos;m not gay either .
But I cannot find anything on that .
He said , If You &apos;re gonna play the game , boy , You gotta learn to play it right .
actually I &apos;m watching it right now .
Chuck Norris was in a horror flick back in the 70s or 80s .
vanilla ice like you .. and Ok I admit i hav new kids on the block ...
Red Hot Chili Peppers of course .
i say the same as every one else
Brad Pitt , Pippin , Johnny Depp- are definatly THE hottes men in the world ! ! ! !
But since you asked I think Rap Is Way BETTER ! ! !
i m a handsome , dashing , cool person whom u can &apos;t get .
flute , because that &apos;s what I can play .
its ok . Its nothing great but its nothing bad .
i want a him and will call him &apos; money&apos;
And a bad boy 2 cuz da have every thang and their playful .
so u have to buy 2 packs of buns instead of one
( Heck , I still like both bands now ! )
She also just did a spread in King Magazine !
tyra banks shes my idol i think shes pretty but i heard a rumor that shes pregnant .
i would go out there and kick your butt right now , but i can &apos;t swim .
Hmmmmmmmm ... wow that &apos;s a tough one !
it goes like this wayoh wayoh wayoh wah .
and if so , what &apos;s your opinion on it ?
i am crazy bout boulevard of broken dreamz
I don &apos;t think it is wierd at all .
she took on armed guards at a palace in turkey !
he fired his sister because HE cant keep his mouth shut !
abbie mitchell played clara in the first broadway production there have been five revivals see the rest here :
You r going to saint ives .
because he is a control freak !
but journey is completely friggin awesome .
Whenever I think of her , I feel great .
Ur right I cant answer it .....
But I guess these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps
james both of them suck , rap is gay
i just need some sick or ill rhymes about anything .
And I &apos;d have to say Riker and Troi .
they are not but thanks for your 2 points
Hermionie , no , Tonks , NO WAIT , its Snape .
i used to watch it until about season 4 just got to boring .
Oh yeah sister check this web site out .
4ever by the Veronicas Here we are so what you gonna do ?
i used to be a fan too !
sounds like my kind of girl !
are bruce willis and mickey rourke the same person ?
there is one called DOC WATSON
when you find out please let me know
I don &apos;t get why anyone likes that movie .
it shuld be ffree to download and easy to understsnd features like looping , fading and like tht
however , it can also generally mean japanese comic books ( like a genre ) .
But I heard there is going to be a sequel .
Always loved his work , excellent actor !
And sure enough he did just what he said .
try being nice and talking to her , don &apos;t worry about your signs they aren &apos;t always right .
i &apos;m adding some new favs to my collection , why not try stained &apos;s new one right here waiting ?
i like the dude , he funny and down to earth .
Yo mama so stupid that under Education on her job apllication , she put Hooked on Phonics .
I m confused r u lookin for some or one
i would love to be her and have a lot of money .
But my sister is like obsessed with him ! ! !
5 @-@ 7 mins ... no reason i guess .. im doing it pretty fast , am i ?
He &apos;s rich and can look like that if he wants .
Don &apos;t try to impress her , if she likes you she will come to you !
rapp because u can ryhmn and spit crapbut in rock u cant make fun of people see
there should be a category for best questions
I havnet seen it yet but I really cant wait til its on dvd .
It was just great , and made cry a lot ...
Don &apos;t you cry tonight by Guns &apos; n &apos; Roses
Damn ... I think it &apos;s impossible to choose just one .
i just go high listerningh to them : )
Yo mama so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center .
bambi is my favorite movie of all time ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Then , of course Simon always disagrees ... He &apos;s pretty good about his judgements , he &apos;s harsh , tho .
yes but they are unknown artists
Umm ... , don &apos;t know ... , my head hurts ...
no , they broke up ... i don &apos;t know how long ago though ...
lol i love watchin my lil guy try to act out the things wiht them
THAT WAS NICE HOW YOU GOT HIM BACK . ! !
I just didn &apos;t think that he would jump again .
i don &apos;t HATE him ... but he is weird im amazed that this got 33 answer in 50 minutes ... congrats
For me thats exactly what I &apos;m looking for.If I were looking .
I even watch the reruns now !
Yea , I think Paula was like , LOVING everybody this week .... Was she on ecstasy or something ?
and she was willing to make a complete @ $ $ of herself for two whole seasons of newlyweds .
the song is fairly new sounds very old school
at the disco i write sins not tragedies
video killed the radio star by the buggles
whats the difference between a mosquito and a blonde ?
So , no , I don &apos;t think so .
i think they are over @-@ paid and definately over @-@ celebrated .
hands down this is the best movie in THE WORLD ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
But I think 4 ppl would be better !
so dont worry youll be back in tune with it in a coupleof weeks !
that was me before i had my operation .
there is a blonde driving down the highway .
Eminems a poser , I pick Get rich or die tryin
put parental control on or use web site ratings
Plus you can tell she really cared about her crew .
I LOOOOOVVVVVVVEEE this song SOOO Much ! ! ! ! ! !
searching the web or looking for bugs !
My favourite bands are The Used &amp; Panic !
chicken , coz God can &apos;t lay eggs
to those of you asking if the asker of this question is gay .... Who the hell cares ! ?
All depends on who messes up ?
um ... neither of them ... if i had to choose ... i &apos;d prob b mario .. or vin diesel
Q : What did the left nut say to the right nut ? ?
its not a little racist ..... its alot racist ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It goes somethin like that for the chorus .
So it ; s probally more than that .
Ever wonder why men think a lot and women talk a lot ? ?
Your mama is so stupid after you were born she kept you ! !
The chicken because it had 2 hatch the egg
Happy Days , it was the coolest !
Her name aint Beyonce or Madonna ... so she needs to stop pretending .
I ask to peoples who gave answer for this question WHERE IS YOUR JOCKS ? ? ? ? ! ! ! !
Tell him you hate him and you r finding someone diffent .
A lady in the street and a freak in the bed .
I STILL never forgave her for that . )
its a great source just download it .
The word you are looking for is ............. strengths
You know , when I first got in to music , I loved rap .
I never told my parents before but mentioned it once and they said nothing and didn &apos;t care .
Yeah , but you &apos;re gonna anyway so why even ask ! !
I used to play flute but once I started sax , I got hooked .
If you like Family Guy , you should love American Dad .
B ) they right their own songs c ) they ACTUALLY play their own music !
we &apos;ll have a real good ti @-@ ime !
Yeah , a PSP but I wouldn &apos;t get a PSP for a kid under 13 .
if you want to live and talk and dream about i suggest moving to japan or china
I LUBB IT .. &#91; 8 &#93; ILL KEEP U MY DIRRTY LITTLE SECRET .. hha ... SHHH ..... LMAO
I guess it is the blond from american idol
( no offance ) If you can answer that then it &apos;s the same for the Egg
the song was called epic , i cant remember the artist but it is a banging tune ! !
hey Mar ... that commercial is for Dairy Queen ... just thought i &apos;d let ya know ... lol .
