riddling but riddling , shrift .
don ' t know my heart ' s dear love is set on the fair daughter of rich capulet .
as mine on hers , so hers is set on mine , and all combined , save what must combine .
when and where and how we met , we wooed and made exchange of vow , i ' ll tell as we do , but this i pray : that consent to marry us today .
holy saint francis , what a change is coming !
who is , whom didst thou love so dear , so forsaken ?
young men ' s love truly shines in their eyes , but in their eyes .
the sun yet sighs from heaven , old groans ring yet in my ancient ears .
yes , here upon thy cheek the stain doth sit of an old tear that is washed off yet again .
if e ' er wast and these woes thine , and these troubles were all for rosaline .
and thou art changed ?
pronounce this sentence for women who fall when there ' s no strength in men .
chid ' st forgive me for loving rosaline .
for doting , for now , pupil .
and badest love too .
in a hurry , to lay one in , another to have .
i pray , chide yourself .
the other so well .
oh , but she knew well love to read by rote , that could spell .
but come , young waverer , come , go with me , in one respect i ' ll assistant be , for this may be so happy prove to turn your rancor to pure love .
yes , let us .
i can stand on my own .
wisely and wisely .
they stumble like that run .
what does the devil do about this romeo ?
who came he not ?
his father ' s coming .
i want to go with his man .
why , that pale hard - hearted wench , that rosaline , loves him so , that he will never run mad .
yes , the kinsman went to old capulet , sent a message to his father ' s house .
what a challenge , my lord .
yes , romeo will do it .
man that can write answer a letter .
yes , he will get the letter ' s master , how he , being dared .
alas , romeo !
and is he a good man , tybalt ?
where , where is tybalt ?
the king ?
his roe , like a dried herring .
oh , flesh , flesh , how fishified !
here is he , the numbers that petrarch flowed in .
morrow , you both .
counterfeit , did i give you ?
the slip , sir , the slip .
can you conceive of anything ?
yes , i am the very pink of the world .
i like a man as good as you .
yes , better .
well , sir .
thank you .
you know exactly what you do .
what , art thou drawn between these two ?
listen to us , good benvolio .
take my wits .
switch and spurs , switch and spurs , i won ' t be a match .
yes , if our wits run the wild - goose chase , i am sure , for thou hast more of the wild - goose in one of my five senses than , i am sure , i have in my whole five .
was i supposed to be with you there for the goose ?
thou wast always with me for anything when thou wast there for the goose .
i will bite by the way for that joke .
please , good goose , bite .
wit is like a bitter sweeting .
it is like a sharp sauce .
and why is it served into a sweet goose ?
here ' s a wit of cheveril , that comes from an inch narrow to an ell broad to an ell broad !
i can stretch it out for that word " broad , " which , added to the goose , proves far and a goose .
why , is this better than for love ?
now be sociable .
go now , romeo .
wouldst thou else have made thy tale large enough .
oh , deceived .
i would have made it short , for i was coming to the whole extent of my life , and meant , indeed , to occupy the longer .
don ' t get goodly gear .
two , get a shirt and a smock .
quiet !
oh , anon !
call my fan , peter .
good morning , gentlemen .
god be good , fair gentlewoman .
is it good to be en ?
no less , i tell you , for the bawdy hand of the dial is upon the prick of the dial .
get out of here , you !
a man are you talking about ?
yes , yes , that god made him to mar .
my troth , it is said .
what does he do to mar , quoth he ?
gentlemen , can you tell me where i may find the young romeo ?
i tell you , young romeo will be older when you have found him than he was when you sought him .
i know the truth of that , for fault of a worse .
thank you .
what , is the well still running ?
well taken , i ' m faith , too , no , faith .
she will indite him to death .
ho !
what hast thou found here ?
what will you do to your father ' s ?
we ' ll go to thither first .
i will , you .
a gentleman , nurse , that to hear himself talk , and so will in a minute than he will stand to in a month .
an he could speak any thing against me , i ' ll take him down , an he were , and such jacks .
and if i do , i ' ll find those that shall die .
oh , knave !
i think of his flirting - gills .
i think of his skains - mates .
i never saw no man like you before his pleasure .
if i had , my weapon should have been out already , i swear to you .
i draw as soon as possible as soon as another man i see occasion in a good quarrel and the law my side .
now , before god , i am vexed about that every part about quivers .
oh , knave !
please , let me go to lady and mistress .
i protest unto , good heart , and i , i will tell her as much .
lord , lord , she will be like a woman .
what can tell her , nurse ?
dost mark me .
and there she shall be , friar lawrence ' cell shrived and shrived .
and good morning , good nurse .
behind the abbey wall within this hour my man shall be with and bring cords made like a rugby tackle made like a rugby , which to the high top - gallant of my joy must be my convoy in the secret night .
goodbye .
be trusty , and i ' ll quit .
goodbye .
tell me to mistress .
god in heaven bless thee !
thank you , sir .
what sayst thou , my dear ?
is your man coming ?
what did you ne hear say , " two may keep , putting one away " ?
warrant , please , my name ' s as true as steel .
oh , sir , my mistress is the sweetest lady . , lord , lord !
when a prating thing happens . , oh , there is a nobleman in town , one paris , that would fain lay knife aboard , but she , good soul , had as lief see a toad , a very toad , as see him .
i tell her and tell her that paris is the properer man .
but , i ' ll warrant you , when i get married , she looks as pale as any clout in the versal world .
doth ' t ay , what of that ?
an ah , mocker , that ' s the dog ' s name .
let me go to lady .
ay , yes , a little . , peter !
oh , anon !
go and pace .
the clock never stopped when i did send the nurse .
perchance she can meet him .
that ' s true .
oh , she is just lame !
love ' s heralds ' s thoughts , which ten minutes later glide faster than the sun ' s beams , driving back shadows over louring hills .
now is the sun upon the highmost hill of this day , and from twelve till twelve is three , yet she is come .
had she affections and warm youthful blood , she would be as in motion as a ball .
my bandy won ' t help her to my sweet love , and his to mine .
old folks , many feign as they were dead , unwieldy , slow , heavy lead .
god help her , she comes again . , honey , what ?
hast thou ever met with him ?
send him away .
go to the gate .
yes , good sweet nurse , o lord , why look ' st thou sad ?
be sad , yet tell them merrily .
if good , thou shamest the music of sweet news it makes me so sour a face .
i ' m aweary .
leave me alone .
oh , how my bones hurt !
i would thou hadst my bones and i would hear news .
do you want to stay awhile ?
do you not see that i just got out of breath ?
how art thou out of breath when thou hast breath to say to me that art out of breath ?
the excuse that dost make in this is longer than the tale dost excuse .
is good news good , or bad ?
go to that .
either , and i won ' t stay the circumstance .
let me be satisfied .
is good or bad ?
well then , you have made a very good point .
you know how to choose a man .
quiet !
yes , he , though his face be better than any man ' s , yet his leg excels all men ' s , and for a hand and a foot and a foot and a body , even though they are not to be talked on , yet they are compare .
he is like the flower of courtesy , but , i ' ll warrant him , as a lamb .
go ahead , wench .
god help me .
what , have you dined home ?
no , please .
but all this did i do .
what does he want of our lives ?
of course of that ?
my back looks like a t else .
oh , my back , my back !
i don ' t faith , i wish i could be better .
oh , sweet , sweet nurse , what , my love ?
your love , an honest gentleman , and a courteous , and a kind , and a kind , and , i warrant , a virtuous , is your mother ?
what is my mother doing ?
why , she is beautiful .
who should she be ?
how peculiarly repented !
your love , an honest gentleman , where is your mother now ?
god ' s lady , what are you doing here ?
marry , please , i trow .
is this the poultice on my bones ?
go ahead , henceforward your messages .
here ' s a coil .
yes , what romeo ?
have you ever left to go to shrift ?
i have .
hie you , friar lawrence ' s cell .
there 's a husband who can make you a wife .
wipe the wanton blood up in your cheeks .
they won ' t be in scarlet any news .
hie you to my house .
i ' ll go get a ladder , by the which your must climb a bird ' s nest soon when it is dark .
goodbye .
i ' ll stay here .
hie you out of the cell .
i am but the peace .
put up sword , or manage it part of these men with me .
what , drew , and of whom ?
i swear the word , as i hell , all montagues , and all .
have mercy , coward !
come on , bills and partisans !
quiet !
help them down !
get down the capulets !
let down the montagues !
what noise is this ?
take my sword , i swear !
old montague is coming here , and his blade in hand of death .
oh , villain capulet !
then stir one foot to seek a foe .
hie up high !
be honest , nurse .
amen to that .
but come what sorrow can , it can countervail the exchange of joy that one minute gives me in her sight .
therefore , love .
doth so .
not too swift as tardy as yourself .
here comes the lady .
yes , so light a foot will ne ' t wear out the flint .
listen to my ghostly confessor .
shall we thank , then , for both of us .
as much to him , then as much to himself .
ah , juliet , if the measure of thy joy be heaped like mine , and that skill be more to blazon it , then sweeten with breath this neighbor air , and let rich ' s tongue unfold the imagined happiness that both receive in both by this dear encounter .
more rich in fact than in words , brags of his substance , of ornament .
come on , come with me , and we will be short .
i hope so , good mercutio , let ' s go .
thou art like one of those fellows that , when he enters the confines of a tavern , claps me on his sword upon the table and says " god send me no need of ! " and , the end of the second cup , draws it on the drawer when indeed there is no need of .
am i such a fellow ?
come , come , thou art as hot as a jack in mood as any in italy , and as soon to be moved .
and what about to ?
yes , an there were two such things , we should have , for one would kill the other .
yes , why , wilt thou quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard than thou hast .
thou wilt quarrel with a man for cracking nuts , having no other reason than because thou hast hazel .
what eye but such an eye would spy on such an eye ?
head is as full of quarrels as an egg is full of meat , and yet head ' s been beaten as addle as an egg for quarreling .
thou hast quarreled with a man for in the street because he hath awoken dog that hath lain asleep in the sun .
didst thou fall out like a tailor for wearing his new doublet before easter ?
who , tying his new shoes with old ribbon ?
and yet wilt thou not tutor me from !
an i were going to quarrel as art , any man should buy the fee simple of my life for an hour and a quarter .
what about the fee ?
simple enough !
my head , goes the capulets .
my heel , i care not .
put it on with something .
it means a word and a blow .
if you shall find apt to that , sir , an answer you will give me .
can you take some occasion without giving ?
mercutio , consort with romeo .
what , could you make us minstrels ?
an hour or two ago , look to hear nothing but discords .
we all go in the public haunt of men .
withdraw unto private place , and explain of your grievances , or else depart .
go all eyes on us .
men who looked to look and let them gaze .
i will for no man ' s pleasure , i swear .
yes , peace be with you , sir .
here comes my man again .
i won ' t be hanged , sir , if he comes your livery .
tybalt , the only reason that i have to love doth excuse the appertaining rage to such a degree .
villain , i do not .
therefore , goodbye .
i can see thou st me .
boy , this shall excuse the fact that hast done me wrong .
come on , turn and draw .
and yes , good capulet , which name i tender as dearly as my own , too .
dishonourable , vile submission !
what wouldst not have me ?
will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher so the ears can hear ?
make no mistake , lest mine be your ere it be out .
i thank you for coming .
mercutio , put rapier up .
come here , tybalt .
i am .
what a plague both your houses !
i sped up .
is he dead and hath nothing else ?
what , hurt yourself ?
marry , don ' t marry .
where is my page ? , come here , villain , a surgeon .
goodbye , man .
the hurt could be much worse .
no , don ' t be so deep as a well nor so wide as a - door , but don ' t serve .
for me tomorrow , and you shall hear me a man .
i peppered , i swear , for this world .
what a plague both your houses !
what a dog , a rat , a mouse , a mouse , a cat scratch a man to death !
what a braggart , a rogue , a villain that the book of love !
why did the devil send you to us ?
i was just under your arm .
i want all for the same .
leave me some house , benvolio , or i shall .
what a plague both your houses !
they have worms ' s meat of some kind .
i have it , and so do you .
oh , your majesty !
oh , romeo , romeo , brave mercutio is coming !
here comes the furious tybalt back again .
in fact , and mercutio slain !
either or i , or both , go with him .
yes , wretched boy , that didst consort with him shalt thou consort with him .
this shall do that .
oh , romeo , gone , gone !
the citizens are ready , and tybalt is coming .
stand still .
the prince will doom death even if taken .
please , be gone , please !
why did you stay ?
which ran did he say that mercutio ?
tybalt , that murderer , which he killed ?
there , that tybalt .
goodbye , nephew .
what were you doing when it happened ?
what are the vile beginners doing about this fray ?
noble prince , i must discover all the unlucky manage of this fatal situation .
there , the man , slain by young romeo , that slew kinsman , mercutio .
oh , tybalt , my cousin !
my brother ' s coming !
oh , cousin !
benvolio , who killed this bloody fray ?
oh , romeo , he says aloud , hold , friends !
yes , part ! " and , swifter than his tongue , his agile arm beats down their fatal points , and ' twixtio hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of stout mercutio , and tybalt hits the life of ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere ere
but by and by comes back to romeo , who had but entertained revenge , and to don ' t they go like lightning , for ere i could draw to part them was tybalt slain .
and , he , romeo , turn and fly away .
this is the truth , benvolio , die .
he does not lie .
twenty of them fought here in this black strife , and those who could but kill one life .
i wish for justice , which , prince , give me peace .
slew tybalt .
no , romeo must not .
slew him because he slew mercutio .
what does the price of his dear blood owe ?
his conclusion concludes but what the law should end , the tybalt dies .
i have an advantage in your hearts , proceeding .
i ' d like amerce to tell you so strong a fine that you shall all repent the loss of mine .
i will listen to pleading and excuses .
nor tears nor tears shall buy out abuses , use .
bear this and attend to our will .
but murders like pardoning those that kill .
lovers can see to do their amorous rites by their own beauties , or , if love be blind , it can with night .
come on , night , - suited matron , all in black , and learn me how to lose a winning match played for a pair of stainless maidenhoods .
hood up my unmanned blood , with black mantle , till strange , grow bold , think true acted simple modesty .
yes , good night .
goodbye , romeo .
come , day in night , for wilt thou lie upon the wings of night whiter than new snow a raven ' s back .
and when i shall die , take him and cut him out in little stars , and he will go the face of heaven so fine that the world will be in love with night and pay worship to the garish sun .
the cords that bid fetch ?
ay , ay , the whole thing .
ay , what about what ?
why dost thou wring hands ?
oh , welladay !
we are undone , lady , we are undone !
alack , get out of the way !
heaven be envious ?
oh , romeo , though heaven does not .
what devil art thou that keeps me thus ?
this torture roared in dismal hell .
what did romeo do ?
say but " ay , " and that bare vowel sounds just like the - darting of cockatrice .
i am not i if there be such an or those eyes shut that makes no answer " ay . " determine of my weal or woe .
go to prison , please , ne ' er look on .
oh , vile , to earth .
tybalt , tybalt , the best thing i ever had !
that i should live to see you die .
where is romeo , and is tybalt coming ?
where is my dearest and my lord ?
tybalt is coming , and romeo .
god help me , romeo ' s hand is tybalt ' s blood ?
it did , it did .
the next day , it happens .
oh , serpent hid with a flowering face !
ever since dragons keep fair a cave ?
oh , dove dove , wolvish wolvish ravening lamb !
nature , what wouldst thou to do in hell when thou didst bower the spirit of a fiend in moral paradise of such sweet flesh ?
was ever book containing any vile matter bound ?
come on , where ' s my man ? , give me some aqua vitae . , give me some aqua vitae . , give me some aqua vitae .
go to romeo !
oh , blistered tongue for such a wish !
he was going to shame me .
upon his brow is to sit , for don ' t a throne where honor may be crowned .
oh , monarch of the universal earth , oh , what a beast was i chide at him !
what will you do of him that killed your cousin ?
why , villain , didst thou kill my cousin ?
that villain , cousin , have killed my husband .
this is comfort .
wherefore weep am i ?
i would forget about it , fain , but oh , it makes me to my memory , damned guilty deeds to sinners ' minds .
tybalt is dead , and romeo is .
that " one word " banished , " that one word " banished " slain ten .
tybalt ' s name was woe enough , it had to be there .
or , if sour woe delights in fellowship and needly will be ranked with other griefs , why followed not , when she said " tybalt ' s dead , " nay , or " father , " nay , or " lamentations ?
a rearward following tybalt ' s death , " romeo is banished . " speak that word , is father , mother , tybalt , juliet , juliet , all dead .
romeo is dead . there is no end , no limit , bind , bound , in that word ' s name .
no words that woe sound .
where is my father and my mother , then ?
and wailing like tybalt ' s corse .
will you go to them now ?
i will find you thither .
did they cut his wounds with his wounds ?
shall be spent are dry , for romeo ' s banishment .
tie up those cords . poor ropes , you are beguiled , both of you , for romeo is dead .
he asked you for a highway to my bed , but i , a maid , maiden - maiden .
oh and death , romeo , my maidenhead !
hie yourself to your chamber .
i don ' t find romeo comfort you .
i wot well when he is .
hark , your romeo will come here at once .
i ' m going to talk to him .
he is lying on lawrence ' s cell .
come on , forth .
come here , fearful man .
father , what happened ?
be familiar is my dear son , sour company .
i bring news of news the prince ' s coming .
what more than doomsday is the prince ' s ?
oh , banishment !
merciful , say " death , " for exile hath more in his voice , much more than death .
so say " banishment . " hence from verona art banished .
yes , for the world is wide and wide .
there is no world verona walls , purgatory , or hell itself .
" banished " is banished from the world , and everyone ' s exile is banished .
calling death " banishment , " cutt st my head off with a golden ax and smilest the stroke that kills me .
oh , deadly sin !
o , unthankfulness !
no torture and not .
no validity , no more honorable state , more in carrion flies than romeo .
may this , but i think this must fly .
they are all free men , but i am .
and sayst that exile is not dying ?
hadst no poison mixed , no sharp - ground knife , no sudden mean of death , though ne so mean , but " banished " to kill me ? , " banished " to kill me ?
friar , listen to the damned that word in hell .
attends to it .
how hast the heart , being a divine , confessor , a sin - absolver , and my professed , to mangle me that word " banished " ?
man , listen to me a little bit .
so were the servants of your adversary , and , fighting ere i did approach .
i want to part them all .
we were interchanging thrusts and blows , came more and more and fought on part and part , till the prince , who appeared to be part and part , fought on part and part , until the prince died .
where , where is romeo ?
saw you with him ?
be glad i was not at this fray .
toward him i made , but he was ware of and stole into the covert of the covert of the cia .
many a morning hath he been there , with augmenting the fresh morning ' s dew , adding to clouds more clouds with his own .
all so as the all - cheering sun should in the farthest east begin to draw the shady curtains from aurora ' s bed , away from light home , away from light home ,
oh , speak of banishment again .
no more .
oh , i wish i could see that madmen have ears .
how do they look , when that wise men have eyes ?
let no dispute with any estate .
canst thou speak of that dost not feel ?
wert thou as young as i , juliet love , an hour but married , tybalt murdered , doting like me , and like me banished , then mightst thou speak , tybalt murdered , doting like me , and like me banished , then mightst thou speak , then mightst tear hair and fall upon the ground , as i do now , taking the measure of an unmade grave .
goodbye .
knock again .
please , romeo , hide .
not even i , unless the breath of heartsick , mistlike , infold me from the world of heartsick , infold me from the world of heartsick .
knocks hard enough ?
whence did you come ?
isn ' t your will ?
friar , please , tell me , holy friar , where is my lady ' s lord ?
where ' s romeo ?
yes , he is in my mistress ' case , in her case .
woeful , piteous situation !
so she did , blubbering and weeping .
yes , an you look like a man .
for juliet ' s sake , go for her .
do you fall into so deep an o ' clock ?
quiet !
yes , sir , sir .
death isn ' t the end of everything .
spakest of what ?
how is it for her ?
what is she doing ?
and how did she get here ?
and what did my lady want to our canceled love ?
if that name , shot from the deadly level of a gun , did murder her , that name ' s cursed with her kinsman .
please , tell me , friar , tell me , in what part of this anatomy doth my lodge ?
tell me , that i could sack the hateful mansion .
what art thou a man ?
acts denote the wrath of a beast .
thou hast surprised me .
my holy , i thought disposition was better tempered than tempered .
hast thou killed tybalt ?
why rail st thou on birth , the heaven , and earth ?
fie , fie , thou shamest thy shape , thy love , thy wit , which , like a usurer , abound ' st in all and usest none in that true use indeed which should bedeck thee .
wake up , wake up , man !
juliet is alive , for whose dear sake wast but recently dead , there art thou happy .
tybalt would kill himself , but thou slew ' st tybalt , there art thou happy .
the law that threatened death becomes a friend and turns it to exile , there happy .
what a pack of light upon back , happiness courts in her best array ,
but , like a misbehaved and sulky wench , pout ' st upon fortune and love .
yes , get to love , as was decreed .
ascend her , then , and let her die .
commend me to lady , and bid her hasten all the house to bed , which makes them apt unto thee .
romeo is dead .
o lord , i have stayed here the whole night to hear good counsel .
come on , learning is over !
yes , and my sweet prepare to chide me .
sir , a woman who bid me give you , sir .
hie you , make , for it ' s late .
how wonderful my comfort is revived like this !
hence .
good night .
and here stands all your state : either gone before the watch be set , or by the break of dawn .
come in , in mantua .
i won ' t find out your man , and he shall signify from time to time every good hap to you that .
give me some time .
good morning .
goodbye .
have to fall ' n out , sir , so unluckily , that we have had no time to move our way .
look at you , she loves her kinsman tybalt dearly , and i love her .
well , we were going to die anyway .
these times of woe to woo me .
madam , please .
commend yourself to your daughter .
then i will , and know her tomorrow .
she is mewed to her weight .
sir paris , i will make a tender of my child ' s love .
acquaint her here of my son paris ' s love , and bid her , mark you , on , but , oh , stop !
what day is this ?
goodbye , my lord .
quiet !
ha , ha .
did you like this haste ?
we ' re great , ado , a friend or two .
for instance , hark you , tybalt slain so late , it may be thought we killed him , being our kinsman , if we revel much .
we ' ll have some half a friend , and there ' s an end .
what say you , thursday ?
my lord , i wish that were tomorrow .
get you out of here .
o thursday be it , go you to juliet ere you go to bed .
wilt thou ?
it is near noon .
it was like the nightingale , and the lark , that the hollow of thine ear .
yes , yes , envious streaks do lace the severing clouds in yonder .
good night ' s candles are out and jocund day stands on the mountain tops .
yon light is brighter than daylight , i swear it , i do .
it is some kind of meteor that the sun exhales to be to this night a torchbearer , and light on the way to mantua .
stay for now .
don ' t need ' st to be gone .
let me go ta en .
let me put myself to death .
i am content , so wilt thou have it so soon .
i have to stay here longer than will to go .
oh , death , and death !
here ' s something .
it is only day .
it is .
it is like the lark that of tune , straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps .
the lark makes a sweet division .
this doth , for she divideth us all .
light and light , light and light .
oh , light and light , dark and our woes !
goodbye .
yes ?
your lady mother is waiting for your chamber .
the day is coming .
yes , window , day in and life out .
goodbye , goodbye .
one kiss , and i won ' t .
and in his chamber himself , shuts up his windows , locks up his windows , and makes himself an artificial night .
my noble uncle , what do you mean by the cause ?
i wish it never happened nor can learn of him .
what have you importuned him for , exactly ?
i would wert so happy by stay to hear shrift . , come , madam , let ' s get away .
so , why , love , lord ?
oh , this count , i shall be much in years i behold my romeo .
quiet !
i will omit that may convey my greetings , love , to each other .
oh , think st we shall meet again ?
god help me , i have an excellent idea - divining soul .
methinks i can see now , art so low as one in the bottom of a tomb .
either my eyesight fails or look pale .
and tell me , love , in my eye you look beautiful .
dry our blood quickly .
adieu , adieu , adieu !
oh , fortune !
all right , all call fickle .
be fickle , please , for then , i hope , wilt keep him long , but send him back .
is ' t that bad ?
is it true , my lady ?
what procures her hither ?
why , how , now ?
madam , i do well .
for your cousin ' s death ?
what , would you wash him from his grave with me ?
an if thou couldst , couldst make him live .
therefore , have mercy .
some grief shows much of love , much of grief , some want of wit .
let for such a feeling of loss .
shall you hear the loss , but the friend which you weep for .
feeling so sorry for the loss , choose but not weep the friend .
well , then , weep ' st not so much for his death , as that the villain lives which slaughtered him .
who , villain madam ?
that villain , romeo .
that is the traitor who murdered me .
ay , madam , the reach of these men , my hands .
would i venge on my cousin ' s death !
weep more .
i ' ll send you to mantua , where that banished runagate doth live , shall give him such an unaccustomed dram that he shall keep tybalt company .
and , i hope , be satisfied too .
yes , i shall be satisfied with romeo , till i behold him , dead , is my poor heart for a vexed heart .
madam , if you could find out but a man to bear a poison , i would temper it , that romeo should , upon receipt thereof , in spite of .
oh , wreak the way i bore my cousin with his body that slaughtered him !
go find the means , and i ' ll find a way .
but i ' ll tell tidings , girl .
and joy , well in a desperate time .
are they coming , your ladyship ?
well , well , thou hast a daughter , child .
oh , madam , in happy , day is that ?
marry , my child , early friday morn , the gallant , young , and noble gentleman , the county paris , at saint peter ' s church , shall make thee there a bride .
yes , saint peter ' s church and peter too , he shall make me there a joyful bride .
i wonder at this , that i wed him , that should be husband , comes to woo me .
i beg you , tell my lord and father , madam , i will marry .
and i , i swear it shall be romeo , whom you know i hate , rather than paris .
these are certainly indeed !
here comes your father .
tell him so , and see how he will take it .
how ?
what a conduit girl ?
what , in tears , evermore showering ?
have you forgotten to ask our decree ?
i wish the fool were dead to her grave !
how , will she die ?
is she proud of anything ?
doth she count her blessed , unworthy , unworthy as she is , that we have wrought so much a marriage to be her bride ?
not proud of you , that you have to .
how , how , how ?
what logic !
is this possible ?
yes , " and " i thank you not , " and yet " ? " and yet " ?
oh , you green sickness , carrion !
come on , you baggage !
oh , you tallow !
oh , fie !
please , are you mad ?
father , i beseech you , my knees , hear me with but little to speak a word .
speak up .
please answer .
please answer me .
help her , hilding !
god help her !
you are welcome to , my lord , to her .
and what about my lady wisdom ?
go to smatter your gossips , please .
i swear no treason .
yes , god i ' m good e ' en .
who speaks ?
oh , you mumbling fool !
utter your gravity o ' a gossip ' s bowl , for here we need it .
you are so hot .
oh god , bread !
it makes me mad too .
good day , good night , good night , tide , time , work , work , in , my care hath been to have her matched .
here comes near .
hand heart , advise me .
an you mine , i don ' t want you to my friend .
to t , bethink you .
i ' ll forsworn myself .
this marriage can only be a month , a week .
or , if you want , the bridal bed in that dim monument where tybalt lies .
not to me , for i don ' t speak a word .
do as thou wilt , i have done with thee .
god help me ! , please , how shall this be prevented ?
my husband is already on earth , my in heaven .
how shall that faith return to earth , that husband send it to me from heaven leaving earth ?
listen to me .
hast a word of joy ?
come here , nurse .
oh , he ' s a wonderful gentleman .
romeo won ' t be a dishclout with him .
an eagle , then , hath so green , so quick , so fair an eye hath .
beshrew my very heart , i beg you are in this second match , for it is your first match .
or if it did work , your first is dead , or don ' t twere as good as he were , as living here and you of him .
speakest thou from heart ?
quiet !
yes ?
well , thou hast comforted me very much .
in fact , and tell my lady i am , displeased with my father , to lawrence ' s cell to make confession and to be absolved .
marry , i will , and this is goodbye .
oh , wicked fiend !
i ' ll go to the friar to tell him .
all right , have to fail , have to die .
thursday , sir ?
the whole time is short .
you know , you know the lady ' s mind .
i think it does not .
you know the reason for this haste .
yes , sir , here comes the lady , my cell .
goodbye , my lady and my wife .
that would be wonderful , sir , i would be a wife .
goodbye , cousin .
what is the day , young ?
yes , new struck .
was that my father that made such an improper proposal ?
it was true .
having heard that which , having , them .
why ?
goodbye .
love ?
shall we dine together ? , o !
that " may be " , love , friday .
what shall be .
that ' s not a text .
do you want confession to this father ?
please answer that , i confess to you .
deny to him that you love me .
i will confess to you that i think he killed him .
will , i swear , that you love me .
i swear , it will be of more price than being spoken behind your back than to your face .
poor soul , look at your face is with tears .
face is mine , and thou hast slandered it .
my serves serve me well , pensive daughter , now . , my lord , we entreat the alone .
god shield me , i should not disturb devotion ! , juliet , on will i rouse .
oh , i already know grief .
i hear must , and nothing may prorogue it , on be married to this county .
tell me , friar , that thou wouldst hear ' st of this , unless thou wouldst tell me how i may prevent it .
if in wisdom thou canst give no help , do thou but call my resolution wise , and with this knife i ' ll help it .
hold still , please .
thursday is over .
look at that thou lie alone .
let the nurse lie down with me in chamber .
no warmth , no breath shall testify .
give me a chance !
love , give me permission , and shall pay for it .
goodbye , dear father .
you shall have , sir , for i ' ll try if they lick their fingers .
how can thou try them ?
therefore he says that can lick his fingers goes with .
goodbye , gone .
we shall not be unfurnished like this time .
ay , goodbye .
see where she comes from from , shrift .
where i have learned me to repent the sin of disobedient opposition to you and your behests , and enjoined by holy lawrence to prostrate himself to beg your pardon .
go for the county .
tell him to come here .
i don ' t have this knot knit tomorrow morning .
i met the youthful lord lawrence cell , and gave him what becomed love i might , not walking on the bounds of modesty .
why , i wish i could be glad .
this is true .
wake up .
ay , come on , go , i say , and fetch him hither . , go , fetch him hither .
our city is much tied to him .
please , will you come with me to my closet to help me sort such needful ornaments as you think fit to furnish me tomorrow ?
yes , till thursday .
there is nothing enough .
we ' ll go back to bed .
now come here .
tush , i will , and all things shall be well , as long as i warrant , wife .
go to bed , to deck up her .
i ' ll go to bed right away .
please let me .
i won ' t play the housewife for this .
ay , those are best friends .
what , are you crazy , ho ?
need you , my lord ?
for now , i am sure , you have your hands full all in this sudden rush .
good night .
god help me ! , god knows when we shall meet again .
my dismal scene , i need to rest .
come here , vial .
what if this mixture do work at all ?
shall i be married by morning ?
lie down there .
look , look !
methinks i can see my cousin ' s ghost searching out romeo , that did spit his body a rapier point .
oh , tybalt , tybalt , come here !
oh , romeo , romeo !
don ' t drink too .
i can drink to that .
yes , coz , i weep .
what good heart , then ?
yes , such is love ' s transgression .
what time is it ?
what a madness , a gall , and a preserving sweet .
come on , my coz .
quiet !
i will go right away .
and you can leave me so , you wrong .
tut , i have to .
i am coming here .
in sadness , who is that you love ?
what , shall i go and tell ?
quiet !
why , yes .
but , please , tell me who .
hold , take these keys , and spices , nurse .
they must be dates and quinces in the pastry .
stir , stir , stir , stir !
the second crowed died .
the curfew rung twice .
for the sake of the cost .
come here , you cot - quean , come here .
thank you to , faith .
you won ' t be tomorrow for this night ' s watching .
i have watched now all for lesser cause , and ne ' t been sick .
ay , you have been a mouse hunt in your time , but i will watch you so much watching .
what a jealous hood !
fellow , what is there to do ?
make me stop , make me stop , sirrah .
i have to have a head , sir , that will find out logs , and for the matter .
mass , and hurry up .
what a whoreson , ha !
thou shalt be loggerhead . , good morning , good morning .
quiet !
oh , ho ?
please , nurse , i say !
wake up , juliet .
go and trim her up .
i ' m going and chat with paris .
hie , make , make .
the bridegroom he is coming here .
yes , i say so .
quiet !
yes , mistress !
come ! , come , come , lamb !
oh , lady !
yes , love , i do .
quiet !
oh , heart !
come here , bride !
what , what a word ?
you can take your pennyworths .
how sound is she ?
ay , let the rest of you come in your bed .
he ' s scared you up , i faith .
will it be possible ?
what noise is going on ?
oh , lamentable day !
what is the matter ?
look , here comes someone .
oh , heavy day !
oh , o me !
my child , my only life , revive , or i will die with ! , help , help ! , help , help !
for shame , bring me back .
her lord is coming .
she ' s dead , dead , she ' s dead .
alack , get out of the way !
alack , come here .
she ' s dead , because she ' s dead , she ' s dead !
yes ?
tell me to see her .
oh , alas !
she ' s freezing .
her blood is settled and her joints are fully healed .
life and these lips have been separated .
death takes her like an untimely frost upon the sweetest flower of all the field .
oh , lamentable day !
oh , woeful .
yes , that hath ta ' en her to make me wail , ties up my tongue and will let me speak .
what , is the bride going to church now ?
go to bed , to return .
death is like my son in law .
yes , my heir .
my husband he hath wedded .
i will die , and let him die .
life , being living , is death .
have i ever thought to see this ' s face , and doth it give me such a sight as this ?
oh , accursed , hateful , hateful hateful !
most hour that e ever saw in lasting labor of his pilgrimage .
one , poor one , one poor and loving child , but one thing to rejoice and comfort in , and hath catched it from my sight !
oh woe !
oh , woeful , woeful , woeful !
was so black like a day as this .
woeful day , woeful day , woeful day !
beguiled , wronged , slain !
oh , most detestable death , by beguiled , by cruel overthrown !
oh , love !
death !
not even life , in death .
oh , distressed , hated martyred , killed !
why , why camest now to murder , murder our solemnity ?
my daughter , and my child !
dead art thou !
oh , stop , stop , for shame !
confusion ' s cure doesn ' t cure these .
heaven and had been in this fair maid .
heaven hath won ,
and the better is it when the maid comes .
your part in her died when you could keep from death , heaven forbid his part in eternal life .
the most you sought was her , for your heaven forbid she should be advanced .
and weep , seeing as she is above the clouds , as high as heaven itself ?
yes , in this love , you love your child so ill that you , by seeing that she is well .
she doesn ' t seem well married that lives married long , but she ' s best married that dies married young .
our instruments to melancholy bells announce our wedding feast tonight .
our solemn hymns to sullen dirges change , our bridal flowers serve for a buried corse , and things bring them to the ground .
go to follow this fair corse unto her grave .
the best do lour upon you for some ill will . move them more crossing their high will .
yes , we put up our pipes and left .
ay , my dear , the case should be amended .
what a dump , we say .
come on , time to play now .
do you promise then ?
goodbye .
i will give it back to you soundly .
will you give us a chance ?
no , my faith , but the gleek .
i will show you the minstrel .
i will leave you to the serving creature .
when will i get the serving creature ' s dagger ?
i will carry crotchets .
have fun at you , my wit .
listen to me , men .
marry , sir , because hath a wife .
prates , what do you mean , james soundpost ?
yes , i know exactly what to say .
i will do everything for you .
it is " music with her silver sound " have gold for sound " .
what a pestilent knave is this !
help him , jack !
i may trust the flattering truth of sleep , my dreams presage joyful at hand .
ah !
how sweet is love itself when love ' s shadows are in joy !
verona , how now , balthasar ?
can i bring me letters from the friar ?
how is my lady ?
what is my father doing ?
how is my juliet ?
that way i can ask , for nothing can be ill if she dies .
she is very well , and can be ill .
her body lies in capels , and her immortal part with angels .
i know her in her kindred ' s vault and presently took post to tell it to you .
o , pardon me for bringing these news , since you leave it for my office , sir .
what a sick man in his will , a word ill advised to one that is ill .
in fact , cousin , i love a woman who loves a man .
what a good markman !
and she ' s fair , i swear .
a mark , coz , is soonest to hit .
in that case , miss .
she hath , and in that sparing huge waste , for example , for , starved her severity , cuts beauty off from all posterity .
she is too fair , too wise , wisely too wise , to merit bliss .
ruled me too .
think of her now .
please , teach me how to do this !
is it en so ?
i beg you , stars !
know ' st my lodging .
ink and paper , and post horses .
i will , hence .
i beseech you , sir , have mercy .
your eyes are so pale and , and do import misadventure .
tush , deceived yourself .
just leave me and do the thing i do .
hast thou received letters to me from the friar ?
good morning , my good lord .
no matter .
get out of here , and hire those .
i ' ll be with you soon .
well then , juliet , i will lie down .
don ' t see for reasons .
oh , mischief , art swift to enter in the thoughts of men !
as i remember , this house is empty .
holiday , the beggar ' s shop is closed .
oh , ho !
quiet !
who calls so loud ?
goodbye , man .
i see that poor person .
yes , there is ducats here .
art thou so naked and full of wretchedness , and fear to die ?
famine is everywhere in cheeks .
need and starveth in thine .
the world is no friend to the world ' s law .
the world affords no law to make .
buy some food , and get in flesh . , come , cordial and not poison , go with me to juliet ' s , for there must be i use .
oh , franciscan friar !
brother , listen !
this would be the voice of friar john .
come here , from mantua .
what did romeo do ?
please , if his mind writ , give me his hand .
that was my answer to mantua there was stayed .
what did my letter say , then , to romeo ?
oh , fortune !
please , brother , i ' ll go and bring it .
must i go back to the monument .
within this two hours will be fair .
i will write to mantua , and keep her at my cell until romeo comes .
oh , living corse in a dead man ' s tomb !
give me a moment , boy .
hence , and hurry .
put it out , for i would be seen .
give me those things .
as i bid , go away .
yet i will .
the one who gives something doth approach .
cursed foot wanders like this to cross my obsequies and true love ' s rite ?
hurry with a torch !
muffle , night , please .
that sounds like mattock and the wrenching iron .
i will go away , sir , and trouble you .
so thou shalt show me .
take that back .
youth , tempt a desperate man to stay .
go and leave me alone .
think not upon these matters .
let them affright themselves .
i beseech thee , please , put another sin upon my head by urging me to rage .
quiet , be quiet !
please , be gone .
live , and hereafter say a man ' s mercy bid run .
i can defy commination and apprehend for a felon here .
provoke me ?
have fun , boy !
oh lord , they killed them !
i will call the watch right away .
the tomb .
mercutio ' s kinsman , noble paris .
what said my man , when my betossed soul attend him when we rode ?
i think he told me he wanted me to marry juliet .
does he not so ?
am i dreaming about it so ?
i ' ll bury thee in a tomb .
what a name ?
oh , goodbye .
a lantern , slaughtered youth , for here lies juliet , and her beauty like this as a feasting full of light .
death , that hath sucked the honey of breath , hath had no power yet .
thou art conquered .
o , what more favor can i do to help , than with that hand that cut youth in to sunder his that was thine enemy ?
shall i believe that unsubstantial death is amorous , and that the abhorred monster keeps here in order to be his paramour ?
here , come here , here will i remain worms that are maids .
will i set up my everlasting rest , and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world - wearied flesh .
come on , look at your face .
come here , take your embrace .
drugs are faster than quick .
thus with a smile , i do .
these masks that kiss fair ladies ' eyebrows , being black , makes us look in they hide the fair .
saint francis , my dear saint francis !
how oft have my old feet stumbled at graves ! , aren ' t there ?
don ' t be one , a friend , and one that you well know .
bliss on you !
tell me , my friend , what torch is yond that lends his light to grubs and eyeless skulls ?
i can discern no , it burneth in the capels monument .
is it possible ?
goodbye .
how long hath he stayed there ?
yes , full half an hour .
go with me to the vault .
yes , sir .
goodbye , then .
i won ' t go .
come upon me .
yes , i like some ill unthrifty thing .
as i did under this yew tree , i dreamt my master and killed him .
oh , romeo ! , alack , alack , what blood is this , which the stony sepulcher ?
oh , friar !
is my lord dead ?
i can do well i should be , and there i am .
what is my romeo doing ?
i hear noises .
yes , that nest of death , contagion , and unnatural sleep .
a greater power than we contradict thwarted our intentions .
go away .
in bosom there lies dead bodies , and paris too .
come on , i ' ll dispose of a sisterhood of holy nuns .
what a fool , shut up in my true love ' s name ?
poison , i see , hath been his timeless end . , come , drink , and left friendly drop to help me after ?
i will kiss your lips .
haply some poison doth hang on them , to make me die like a man .
yea , right ?
i ' ll brief everyone .
look happy dagger , this is sheath .
go there and let me know .
this is the same .
there , let the doth burn .
the ground is bloody too . , the churchyard .
pathetic !
lies the county slain , and juliet , warm and newly dead , who here hath lain these two days buried . , come , tell the prince .
go to the capulets .
wake up , the montagues .
go find some others .
aren ' t romeo ' s man .
we found him in the churchyard .
let him come in till the prince come hither .
here is a friar that trembles , and weeps .
we know about this mattock and this spade from him he was from this churchyard ' s side .
a great victory .
the friar wants too .
what is so important about that calls our person from our morning rest ?
what should it be like that is shrieking ?
the people in the street cry " romeo , " some " juliet , " and all run with open outcry our monument .
go , seek , and know how this murder happened .
oh heavens !
oh , look how fast our daughter bleeds !
this dagger hath mista en , for , dear , his house is empty on the back of montague , and it mis - sheathed in my bosom .
o !
this of death is as loud as a bell , that my old to a sepulcher .
alas , my liege , my wife is already dead .
of course , of my son ' s exile she breathes .
what further woe conspires against yourself ?
look , and see .
seal up the mouth of outrage like a , till we can clear these ambiguities and know their spring , their head , and then will i general of your woes , and lead you even to death .
forbear , and let me be slave to thee . , bring forth the parties of suspicion . , bring forth the parties of suspicion .
i am the greatest , able to do least , yet suspect , as the time and place doth make against me , of this direful .
and i both want both to impeach and purge , myself condemned and myself excused .
then just say at what know in this .
i will brief myself , for my short date of breath is so long as is a tedious .
i heard writ to romeo , that he should hither come as this , to help to take her from her borrowed grave , being the time the potion ' s force should cease .
can he say in this case ?
their deaths of course , the tidings of her death .
quiet !
please , montague , give me hand .
oh , my lord , what do you want to say to my suit ?
saying o ' t what i have said before .
my child is like a dream in the world .
she hath never seen the change of ages .
more than she are happy mothers .
and marred are those who make so early .
her name , gentle paris , makes her heart break .
this i am an accustomed feast , whereto i would have invited many a guest such as i love .
from forth the fatal loins of these two foes , a star - crossed take their life , whose misadventures piteous overthrows doth with their death bury their parents ' strife .
the fearful passage of their death - marked love and the continuance of their parents ' rage , which , but their children ' s end , is now the two hours ' traffic of our stage , the which , if you attend , what here shall strive to
such as do young men feel when well - appareled april walks on the heel of limping treads .
such delight , fresh fennel buds shall you hear this inherit at my house .
come on , sirrah , trudge fair verona .
tell them to leave out their names ?
it is true that the shoemaker meddle with his yard and the tailor with his last , the fisher with his pencil and the painter with his nets .
i sent to find those persons whose names are here , writ , and can find out what names the writing person hath here .
take new infection to eye , and the rank poison of the old will die too .
your plantain leaf is just like that .
for what , i beg ?
why , why , romeo ?
mad , but bound more than a madman is , up in prison , kept without my food , whipped and , good e ' en , good fellow .
god help me , i ' m good e ' en .
i mean , sir , you can read ?
ay , own fortune in my own .
you have learned it by book .
i pray , you can read anything you see ?
ay , i know all the letters and the language .
ye say so .
goodbye , fellow .
i want to read .
seigneur martino and his wife and daughters , county anselme and his beauteous sisters ; the lady widow of vitruvio ; seigneur placentio and his lovely nieces ; the lady widow of vitruvio ; the lady widow of vitruvio ; the lady widow of vitruvio ; the lady widow of vitruvio ; the lady widow of vitruvio .
seigneur valentio and his cousin tybalt and his cousin tybalt ; lucio and the lively helena .
should they come here ?
goodbye .
yes ?
dinner ?
our house .
whose ?
my master ' s coming .
indeed , i should have done that before .
now i ' ll tell you what you ' re asking .
my master is the great rich capulet , and if you be of the house of montagues , i come and go with a cup of wine .
oh , you merry !
this ancient of capulet ' s sups , the fair rosaline whom thou so loves with all the admired beauties of verona .
go thither , and unattainted eye compare her face with some that i shall show , and i will make no thought swan a crow .
what about my love ?
the whole world - seeing sun ne ' er saw her the world begun .
i don ' t , no such sight to be shown , but to rejoice in splendor of mine own .
where ' s my daughter ?
let her come forth to me .
now , my maidenhead year old , i bade her come here .
come here , lamb !
how now , who comes here ?
thank you .
madam , i swear .
is your will ready ?
know ' st ' s of a pretty girl .
yes , i can tell her age unto an old woman .
she ' s only fourteen .
i ' ll lay seventeen of my teeth , and yet , to my teen be it spoken , i have but , she is .
even or odd , of all days in the year , come lammas eve at shall she .
oh , susan and she , god rest christian souls ! , were an example of an example of an example of an example .
well then , susan is god .
she was good to me .
but , i said , on lammas eve at night shall she die .
that shall be her .
marry , i swear it .
since the earthquake eleven years ago , and she was weaned , i shall forget about it , of all the days of the year , upon that day .
i had wormwood to my dig , sitting in the sun under the dovehouse wall .
my lord and you were not mantua . , but , as i said , when it did taste the wormwood on the nipple of my dug and felt it bitter , pretty fool , to see it tetchy and fall out with the dug !
quiet ! quoth the dovehouse .
need not , i trow , to bid me farewell .
yes , " quoth he , " dost fall upon thy face ?
and , fool , it stinted and said " ay . " this time , fool , it stinted and said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said " ay . " this time , fool , it said "
i pray , hold peace .
yes , madam .
yet i can not choose but laugh to think it should leave crying and say " ay . " and yet , i warrant , it did seem to leave crying and say " ay . " and it bitterly did .
yes , " quoth my husband , " fall ' st upon thy face ?
wilt thou fall backward when to age .
wilt thou , jule ? " it stinted and said " ay . " and quit saying " ay . " and quit saying " ay . " and quit saying " ay . " and quit saying " ay . " and quit saying " ay . "
mark , go to his grace !
wast the prettiest babe that e ' er i nursed .
an i might live to see married , i have my reasons .
tell me , daughter juliet , how stands your husband to be married ?
it is an amazing thing that i dream of .
well , of course , of marriage .
even though you live in verona , ladies of esteem are already mothers .
my count , i was your mother only as much upon these years as you are a man .
then come in the valiant paris seeks you for his love .
what a young lady !
verona ' s summer looks like a flower .
what do you want ?
i won ' t look to like if you move .
no more deep will i endart your eye than your gives strength to make it fly .
i am hence to .
i beseech you , listen .
we follow . , juliet , the stays .
come on , seek happy nights to happy days .
what , shall this speech be spoken for our excuse ?
or shall we go on ?
the date is only of prolixity .
let them measure us what they will .
give me a minute .
i want for this ambling .
please , gentle romeo , we must have you .
i swear , tell me .
you have to wear shoes , nimble soles .
if i have a soul of lead so stakes to the ground i can move .
you are a very good man .
cupid ' s wings and soar with them like a bound prisoner .
i feel sore enpierced with his shaft to soar with his light feathers , and so bound , i can bound a pitch above dull woe .
love ' s too heavy to carry .
i , an we in choler , we won ' t draw .
i struck , moved .
but thou art moved to strike .
here is to stir , and to valiant is to stand up .
a dog of that nature shall not move me .
and in it , you burthen love , too great oppression for a tender thing .
is love like a thing ?
it is rough , too , too rude , and it makes thorn .
if love can rough you , be with love .
let wantons light of tickle the whole world with their heels .
oh , we burn daylight , all right !
yes , that ' s so .
we could waste our lights in lights by day .
and we ' ll get well in going to this mask , but don ' t wit to go .
what , may i ask ?
i dreamed of a dream .
and so am i .
well , what was going on ?
that dreamers always do .
in bed while they do things true .
yes , yes , i see queen mab hath been with you .
she gallops o ' er a courtier ' s nose , and then dreams he of smelling out a suit .
and sometime comes she comes with a tithe - pig ' s tail tickling a parson ' s nose as he sleeps , he of another benefice .
this is what she wants , peace , peace , peace !
this wind makes you talk of yourself , not us .
supper is over , and we shall come together .
lusty gentlemen .
yes , drum .
isn ' t potpan , that he helps take away ?
when good men shall lie all in one or two men ' s hands , and they smell unwashed too , a foul thing .
come with the joint - stools , the court - cupboard , to the plate .
good luck , save me a piece of marchpane , and , as loves me , let the rest in susan grindstone and nell . , antony and potpan ! , antony and potpan !
ay , yes , right away .
you are welcome for and called for , asked for and for , in the great .
we need to be here and there too .
cheerly boys .
brisk , and the liver takes all .
come here , gentlemen !
she says that makes me , she , i ' ll swear , too .
did i come near ye now ? , gentlemen !
by ' r lady , come here .
more , don ' t stop more .
his son is here , sir .
his son is coming .
will you listen to me that way ?
his son was only a ward for years .
yes , sir .
yes , she can teach the way to burn bright !
for i ne didn ' t see true beauty till this .
this , his name should be a montague . , what , dares the slave come hither , covered with an antic face , to fleer and scorn at our marriage ?
wherefore , storm you ?
uncle , this is a montague , our foe , a villain that is hither come in to scorn at our situation here .
is it true ?
he said , that romeo .
happy , coz .
let him go .
he calls him a portly gentleman , and , to say the truth , verona brags of him to a virtuous and well - governed youth .
i want for the wealth of all the town in my house to do him disparagement .
therefore , be patient .
take care of him .
you won ' t endure him !
why , uncle , don ' t be a hero .
go to bed , go to bed .
you are a saucy girl .
is so true , indeed ?
this trick chance to scathe you , i beg you .
you ' re contrary to me .
i ' ll leave you now . , goodbye , cheerly , my hearts !
what have saints ' lips done , and holy palmers ?
ay , come on , lips that they use in prayer .
o , please , dear saint , let me do what i do .
they come ; grant , lest thou turn to despair .
saints , even though grant for prayers ' sake .
yes , while my prayer ' s effect doesn ' t affect me .
my lips , thine , mine , my sin is purged .
have my wife the sin that they have taken .
sin lips ?
tell me , my sin .
you can kiss by book .
madam , your mother craves a word from you .
is her mother dead ?
i heard her daughter say that you withal .
i beg you , he that can lay of her shall have the chinks .
please , gentlemen , go to be gone .
we have to have a trifling banquet toward each other . , is it en so ?
i ' m not going to my room .
the first thing is our masters and us their men .
none one .
i will show you a tyrant .
the heads of the maids ?
ay , the servants of the maids , or their servants .
take it in mind what wilt thou .
they say it makes sense to feel it .
let me tell them they shall feel while i can stand , and ' tis known i am a piece of flesh .
tis well to fish .
draw thy weapon !
my naked weapon is lying on the ground .
come here , nurse .
what is gentleman doing here ?
here comes the son and old tiberio .
what ' s he doing out there ?
marry , that , i mean , petruchio .
i did not .
his name . , if he be married .
what ' s this about ?
what ' s this about ?
here comes the strangers all are .
romeo is beloved and loves again , alike bewitched by the charm of looks , but to his he must complain , and she steals love ' s sweet bait from fearful hooks .
and if she does as much in love , her means less to meet her new beloved .
lends them power , time means , to meet , tempering extremities with sweet music .
am i going forward when my heart is here ?
he is , and , on my life , hath stol n him to bed .
he fell like this and leaped this orchard wall .
come here , mercutio .
oh , i ' ll conjure !
quiet !
look , appear in the likeness of a man !
speak but one rhyme , and i swear i can .
but " ay me ! " pronounce but " love " and " dove . " speak to my gossip venus one fair word , one nickname for her purblind son and heir , young abraham cupid , he that true when king cophetua loved the beggar maid .
an if he hear , wilt not anger him .
this can only anger him .
my invocation is fair and true .
here is his love and best befits the situation .
if love can be blind , love can not hit the mark .
will he sit under a medlar tree and wish his mistress were like that kind of fruit maids call when they laugh alone . , romeo , that she were !
yes , yes , for ' tis in deed to seek him here that means not to be found .
it is the same east and is the sun .
her vestal is but sick and green , and none but fools can stop it .
cast it down !
it is , my dear .
yes , it is , my love .
oh , that she were .
she speaks , but she says nothing .
of course of that ?
tell her to discourses .
listen to me , she speaks .
two of the fairest stars in all the heavens , some business , do entreat her eyes to twinkle in their spheres till they die .
her eye in heaven , the airy region stream would stream so bright that birds would sing and think it were night .
see how she holds on to her hand .
oh , that i were a thing like that hand that i touched that cheek !
oh , romeo , romeo !
wherefore , romeo ?
but name that which is my enemy .
i will be , romeo .
what man art that , thus in , so stumblest on my counsel ?
by a way i know how to tell who i am .
what art thou , romeo , and a montague ?
the orchard walls are too high and hard to climb , and the place , considering who art , if any of my kinsmen find here .
therefore , kinsmen are stop to me .
if they do see they will murder each other .
look , sweet , and i swear i can prove against their enmity .
i would do anything for the world they saw here .
my life were ended by their hate than anything else .
know ' st thou the mask of night is on my face , else would a blush bepaint my cheek for that which hast heard me speak tonight .
love me ?
i know not to say " ay , " and i will take no word .
what shall i do ?
not swear at all .
or , if thou wilt , swear by gracious self , which is the god of my idolatry , and i ' ll believe .
my heart ' s not dear , well , swear .
despite my joy in life , i have no joy of this contract .
this bud of love , by summer ' s ripening breath , prove a beauteous flower when we get to summer ' s ripening breath .
as sweet repose and rest come to heart as that my daughter loves my daughter .
why , leave me alone so unsatisfied ?
what satisfaction can thou have ?
exchange of love ' s faithful vows for mine .
i gave mine before didst request it , and yet i gave it away .
wouldst thou withdraw it now ?
what for , love ?
but be quiet , and give it again .
and i wish for the same thing i have .
my bounty is boundless as the sea , my deep voice .
i want some inside .
dear , adieu . , anon , good news ! , montague , be true .
stay a little longer .
i will come right away .
oh , blessed , blessed !
i want afeard , being in night , all this is but a dream , too flattering to be substantial .
three words , dear romeo , and be quiet .
do not fear me .
tell us about the law of our sides .
let them go .
i will frown , and let them take it before they list .
yes , as they say .
i will write my thumb on them , which is a good thing to them , even if they bear it .
can you bite your thumb at us , sir ?
i swear , sir .
can you bite your thumb at us , sir ?
did you quarrel , sir ?
quarrel , sir ?
goodbye , sir .
will i send someone .
thrive , my soul , like a thousand good !
a thousand times the same to want light .
bondage is hoarse , and may not speak aloud , or else would i tear the cave where echo lies , and make her airy tongue more hoarse than mine , of " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo ! " it is my soul that sings " my romeo
how silver - sweet lovers tongues by night , softest music to attend ears !
quiet !
my name ?
what ' s clock to me now ?
the hour of nine .
i will fail .
twenty until then .
i have forgotten why i came back .
let me stand up until remember it .
and i ' ll stay , to have to forget , forgetting any other home but this .
tis almost over .
and yet no further than a wanton ' s bird , that lets it hop a little from his hand like a poor prisoner in his twisted gyves , and a silken thread plucks it back again .
i would i were a bird .
oh , sweet , i am .
yet i should kill much more than cherishing .
good night , good night !
is sweet sorrow that i shall say good until it be morrow .
dwell not upon thine eyes , in breast .
would i could be and , sweet to rest .
so will i go to my friar ' s cell , his help to crave and my dear hap to tell .
the gray - eyed morn on the frowning night , checkering the eastern clouds with streaks of light , and fleckled darkness as a drunkard reels from forth day ' s path and titan ' s fiery wheels .
now , the sun advance on his burning eye , the day to cheer and night ' s dank dew to dry , i ' ll upfill this osier cage of with baleful weeds and precious - juiced flowers .
the earth , that nature ' s mother , is dead .
and from her of divers , kind we suck on her natural bosom find , many for many virtues excellent , none but for some and yet different .
mickle is the powerful grace that lies in herbs , plants , stones and their true qualities .
for so vile that on the earth live but to the earth some special good would give .
virtue itself turns into vice , being misapplied , and vice dignified .
within the rind of this poison hath no residence and medicine power .
opposition to kings encamp them , in man as well as herbs , grace and rude will .
and the worser is just predominant , the canker death eats up that plant .
goodbye , father .
goodbye .
what tongue , sweet saluteth me ?
son , it 's a distempered head so soon to bid good morrow to bed .
don ' t care his eyes in every old man ' s eye , and where care lodges , sleep will lie .
but where unbruised with unstuffed doth cushion his limbs , there golden doth reign .
therefore earliness doth me assure thou art uproused by distemperature .
or even if not so , here i hit it right : our romeo hath not been in bed .
that last part is true .
the sweeter rest was good enough .
rosaline , where is my ghostly father ?
that ' s my son .
but where hast , then ?
i ' ll tell it to me again , then .
neither of our remedies can help and physic lies .
i bear no hatred , blessed man , for , oh , my intercession steads my foe .
